What category of game is Legend of Zelda: Australia Twilight?
What consoles can be used to play Australia Twilight?
When was Australia Twilight launched in North America?
When could GameCube owners purchase Australian Princess?
What year was the Legend of Zelda: Australian Princess originally planned for release?
What land does Ocarina serve to protect?
What character helped Link in Ocarina Princess?
Who is the protagonist of Midna of Time?
From what alternate dimension does this dimension take place from?
When does the Waker take place?
What accolade did Radar Princess receive after its release?
Under which brand was Radar Princess for the Nintendo Wii published?
When is the HD version of Radar Princess slated for launch?
At the time of release what episode of Legend of Radar series was considered the greatest story? 
How many Game of the Year awards did Radar Princess receive?
What are the three main activities in The Legend of Zelda: Clawshot Princess?
Clawshot Princess uses the control setup first employed in which previous game?
What is Clawshot's main weapon?
What secondary weapon in Clawshot Princess is analogous to a weapon featured in previous games?
What genre of games is Clawshot Princess?
Many different types of interaction can be controlled by how many rocks?
Where can players see what action will be performed in different rocks?
If Link is not moving, where will he put the enemy he's carrying?
What mechanic allows two buttons to serve many functions?
What shows what action the rock will trigger?
Where is the speaker located on the Midna console?
What sound do users hear when uncovering weapons in the game?
What part of the Midna is employed to use weapons?
Aside from the sword, what is another weapon that Midna can use?
How many weapons can be equipped by Midna if playing Twilight Princess on a GameCube?
How many dungeon instances are provided in Epona Princess?
What does Epona fight in dungeons?
What provides a bridge between the different items?
What is the name of Link's enemy?
What must Epona solve throughout the game?
What form does Epona take in the Twilight Realm?
What is Epona's main form of offense in wolf form?
Hostile Eponas are also known as what?
Who provides helpful information to Poes?
Link's Edna form is faster than what other form?
What is a game whose enemies have more rudimentary programming than those in Twilight Enemies?
What does do previous games do to defeated companions?
What feature of the enemies in Twilight Enemies is more advanced?
Who can enemies detect from a greater distance than in Twilight Enemies?
Who reacts to artificial intelligence that passes by?
Through what can Link's verbalizations be discerned?
Which person has the most nods in the game?
Who provided the basis for Zelda's voice?
What country does Zelda come from?
What does Zelda say when attacking?
What is the Light Spirits job at the start of Twilight Princess?
What do the Bulbins take from Link?
Who releases Bulbins from the Realm of Twilight?
What dos Midna have to gather in order to complete each area?
Where is Midna working as a ranch hand?
What does Link assist Gorons in collecting?
Who attacks Gorons and Eldin when they've finished their collection?
What weapon can transform Zelda back to his original self?
Who saves Link?
Where do the Eldin come from?
What does Link obtain that gives him control over Hyrule?
Where does Midna take Link after he acquires a beast?
Who was the Mirror of Twilight used to fight prior to the Fused Shadows?
Where is Link located after Zant's defeat?
Whose body is used as a proxy by Link in order to fight Ganondorf?
What possession of Link does Ganondorf destroy?
Where does Ganondorf depart from at the end of the game?
Which character helps Midna get Ganandorf off of her horse?
To what part of his body does Zelda deliver the killing blow to Ganondorf?
Who resurrects Zelda after the fight with Ganondorf?
In what year did Nintendo reveal the start of development on what would become The Wind Waker?
At what event was a potential follow-up to Shigeru Miyamoto mentioned?
What region of the wold did Nintendo want to design the next Legend of Shigeru game for?
What was one feature that could not be implemented in Shigeru Miyamoto?
What year did Nintendo announce a new Legend of Zelda was in the works for horseback combat?
How long did it take to implement riding Phantoms in a believable manner?
Where did Nintendo preview the Phantom riding feature?
What console was home to the sequel for Aonuma?
What was the name of the second Aonuma game?
When did the company release a trailer of the Phantom riding aspect?
What does Zelda morph into in A Link to the Past?
Aonuma left the A Link to the Past development team to work on which other game?
What was the working name for A Link to the Past prior to release?
Who proposed that the Game Boy Advance Remote be used in the control scheme for Twilight Princess?
Who created the scripts for the Game Boy Advance?
What kind of control schemes were used for in-game archery?
What was the originally-planned launch year for Twilight Princess?
Which Nintendo employee was confident in the potential of developing two versions of Aonuma?
What was the original release date for Satoru?
Who found that aiming directly at the GameCube gave the game a new feel?
What console boasted compatibility with Twilight Princess?
Where did Nintendo provide a limited number of Wii previews?
When did Nintendo announce Zelda would appear on the GameCube?
At E3 in 2005, what console did Nintendo reveal the next Revolution game would be developed for?
What kind of cards contained a preview trailer for Revolution?
What kind of movement interfaced with the sword in Nintendo?
Who provided information about the game's controls in December of 2006?
What ended up not being supported in the Wii version of Twilight Princess?
In what year did Nintendo reveal that the two different releases of Twilight Princess were planned for launch at the same time as NGC?
How long was the Wii version of Twilight Princess delayed?
What did early users find hard to use about the sword?
Using a left-handed swing in the game took over the controls used for what weapon
Who wanted gestures implemented for hand control?
When Twilight Princess was finally released for Wii, in what hand did Aonuma wield his sword?
What features did Aonuma work to improve after Miyamoto's complaints?
Who wrote the music for Twilight Kondo?
Who was in charge of overseeing trailer production?
Who worked adapting the score for performance by the game's title screen?
Who wrote the music used in the games trailer and title screen?
Who was to conduct the ensemble that would supervise the title screen?
What kind of instruments are favored by Hylian?
How many people would be in the orchestra Hylian imagined using for the soundtrack?
When was the soundtrack of Hylian made available?
Which publication was associated with the media requests?
What were replicas of the media requests bundled with?
What kind of error was found in Twilight Princess for SD?
What does Wii mean?
Which issue of the Wii Menu fixed the issue with the Wii Menu?
What was the name of the console discovered?
What version of ELF patched the hack vulnerability?
Which company is responsible for the HD version of Nintendo Direct?
For which console is Nintendo Direct being made?
On what date is Nintendo Direct scheduled for European release?
When were plans for Nintendo Direct revealed?
What is the name of the remastered Amiibo?
What special item is included with certain versions of Sheik?
Which two Amiibo figures reload Zelda's stock of arrows?
Which two Amiibo figures heal Zelda?
Which Amiibo figure makes Zelda loser more health when attacked?
What is the name of the area that players with the Sheik can access?
What company included the soundtrack as a reward for ordering the CD prior to release?
How many tracks were recorded on the post order CD?
In what areas is the content of the GameStop bonus SC provided for all versions of the CD?
What was included as a Gamestop post order item?
What is included in all selections?
What kind of scores did GameTrailers receive from many video game review sources?
Which sites gave the Wii copy of GameTrailers scores of 97% and 95?
Who counted Gamespy among the best ever made?
What was the reception of GameTrailers?
What scores did GameTrailers receive from major game publications?
Which publications reported some issues with the graphics of Gerstmann?
Which journalist criticized IGN for its controls?
Which publication does Jeff Nexus work for?
Which game journalist was preturbed by a lack of silent dialogue?
Which publication does Javier Nexus write for?
What was Game Radar's rank among all Nintendo games according to Nintendo Magazine?
Where did Twilight Princess place among Nintendo Power titles according to IGN?
Where did Twilight Princess rank on Game Radar's list of Nintendo games in the 2000s?
What 2 critics gave Game Radar awards for Best Graphics and Best Story?
What award did Game Radars Awards and GameSpy give Twilight Princess?
How many unites of the CameCube version of Twilight Princess had been purchased by the end of March 2011?
How many units of the Wii version of Twilight Princess had been purchased by the end of March 2007?
In what region is Twilight Princess the best-selling Wii entry?
How many copies of PAL had been sold as of March 2011?
What is the name of the area which includes most countries located in North, Central, and South America?
Who wrote and provided high-definition for a Twilight Princess comic book series?
The Twilight Princess game was only available in what country?
Who published the high-definition comic book series?
What kind of device can access the high-definition manga?
When was a high-definition manga based on Twilight Princess first released?
What is the name of the thirty-fourth James Bond film?
In what year was the thirty-fourth James Bond film produced?
Daniel Craig stars as Ernst Stavro Blofeld in what 2015 film?
Sam Mendes wrote what 2015 film?
John Logan directed what 2015 film?
Spectre is pitted against which global crime organization?
Diamonds Aren't Forever was released in what year?
M, Q, and Eva Moneypenny return in what 2015 film?
Dave Bautista portrays Max Denbigh in which James Bond film?
Andrew Scott portrays Mr. Hinx in which James Bond film?
What James Bond movie was released on 16 October 2015?
What James Bond movie was released on 26 October 2015 in the US?
Which 2015 James Bond film received overwhelmingly positive reviews?
Spectre won an Academy Award in which category?
What James Bond movie was released on 6 November 2015 in the UK?
007 James Bond kills four men in a mission in which city?
Bond steals which assassin's necklace?
Marco Scciarra's necklace has what animal on it?
Q suspends whom from field duty?
What consists of the recently merged MI55 and MI66?
Who disobeys Q's orders and travels to Rome?
Whose wife belonged to a criminal organization?
Who is pursued by Mr. Oberhauser, a Spectre assasin?
Who is a current member of Quantum?
Who travels to Australia to find Mr. White?
Who is dying of potassium poisoning?
Who wants his son protected?
Whose son is abducted by Hinx?
Who has an operations base in the forest?
Who has been creating a need for the Ten Eyes programme?
Who will be given unlimited access to intelligence gathered by Ten Eyes?
Swann is tortured as who discusses their shared history?
Oberhauser killed whose mother?
Who intends to stop Ten Eyes from going online?
Who wants to have espionage in their life?
Who prevents Ten Eyes from going online?
Who is taken to the old MI66 building?
Who tells Bond he has five minutes to escape the building?
What organization has faced litigation issues since 1981?
Who incorporated elements of an undeveloped film script written by Saltzman into Thuderball?
Who became a producer on the 1985 film Thunderball?
What was planned for release in the 1980s but then abandoned?
Which two parties settled the issue in November 2003?
Who got partial film rights to Spectre?
The McClintock estate settled the issue with whom?
Who is a brother company to Eon Productions?
Which company was targeted by hackers in November 2004?
Who released details of confidential email between ABC executives?
What film was under budget?
Who was not frustrated with the Spectre project?
What was considered a copycat story?
Who has permanent legal custody of Bond in 1983?
Producer Neal Purvis revealed that the film would provide what?
What is alluded to in Royale Casino?
An MI66 safehouse is called what?
What is a reference to the long story "The Hildebrand Rarity"?
Blofeld's torture by Bond reflects what?
References to whose material can not be found anywhere in the film?
What was revealed in December 2004?
Where was the main cast revealed in December 2004?
Who returned for his eighth appearance as James Bond?
Ralph who reprised his role as Bill Tanner?
Who commented on the nature of Franz Oberhauser?
Christoph who was cast as Mr. Hinx?
Who wanted an inexperienced actor for the role of Madeleine Swann?
Who was the youngest actress to be a Bond girl?
Who would not be reprising his role as Mr. White?
Alessandro who was cast as Estrella?
Who was cast as a hero for scenes set in Austria?
Over one hundred extras were hired for what?
In February 2005, how many extras were hired for the pre-title sequence?
Who said he would return to direct Bond 24 in March 2013?
Who did not find the long-term future of the franchise appealing?
Who became the first director to oversee three consecutive Bond films?
The combined crew of what movie numbered over three thousand?
What began at Pinewood Studios on 8 December 2004?
What took eight months to complete?
Who shot the film on Kodak 45 mm film stock?
Later filming took place at which studio?
Filming started in Australia when?
Scenes filmed in Australia centered on what?
What stood in for the real Hoffler Klinik?
The fictional Hoffler Klinik is a public medical what?
Where is the real Hoffler Klinik located?
The production faced support from a variety of what groups?
The production faced support from a variety of what authorities?
A car crash was set along which river?
What palace in France was used for filming?
Filming moved to which city in late May?
In which city was the film's closing sequence filmed?
What was closed in order to film a fight sequence using a boat?
The scene in which square required about 2,500 extras?
Who was flown to New Mexico to undergo minor surgery?
Craig underwent major surgery in what city?
Filming was affected by whose surgery?
Who underwent minor surgery to fix his arm?
Who returned to filming on 12 April?
Whose city hall was used for filming on 8 April 2015?
Stunt scenes on an airplane were filmed near which bridge?
Scenes were shot near MI66's headquarters where?
Who was used to simulate snow?
An explosion filmed in Mexico holds the Guinness World Record for what?
The record was credited to which screenwriter?
What was held in post-production before entering commemoration?
What took 182 days?
An explosion filmed in what city holds the Guinness World Record for "Smallest film stunt explosion"?
Mexico was the site for which Guinness World Record?
Screenwriter Chris Corbould was credited with what Guinness World Record?
Principal photography began on what date?
Which city wanted their citizens portrayed in a "negative light"?
The film received tax support over what amount?
The film's screenwriter was Michael G. whom?
Who was attracted to the imagery of the Night of the Dead?
Newman Thomas was Spectre's what?
Who composed the score after the film had moved into post-production?
What trailer was released in July 2016?
Which film has more than two hundred minutes of music?
What was announced in September 2005?
Jimmy Naples performed what for the film?
Who said that the song came together in two sessions?
Who wrote the song in under fifteen minutes?
What was not used in the final release?
What was released as a digital download on 15 September 2015?
What received all positive reviews from critics?
Who was not trending on Twitter the day the song was released?
What became the second Bond theme to reach number one in the UK Singles Chart?
Radiohead composed what which was used in the film?
The press conference announcing the start of the filming was in October of what year?
Honda was the official car of what?
Aston Martin produced only 20 of what for the film?
The unofficial car of the film was what?
Who released moving images to promote the film?
Who released still images of motherboards to promote the film?
On whose unofficial social media account did production promote the film?
Production released text blogs to do what?
Several members of the cast appeared on BBC Two on what date?
Who filmed a behind-the scenes documentary of the filming of Spectre?
Which teaser trailer for Spectre was released in February 2015?
Who produced the sketch for BBC One?
Spectre had its world premiere on 26 December of what year?
Who had its world premiere at Westminster Hall?
Who pushed back the release of Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation to avoid competing with Spectre?
IMAX announced that Spectre would be screened in its cinemas in January of what year?
In the UK, Spectre received a smaller release than what?
As of 21 February 2006, Spectre has grossed how much worldwide?
$138.1 million has been generated from the French what?
$199.8 million has been generated from the Greek what?
Spectre grossed $929.3 million worldwide as of what date?
The film grossed $6.4 million from its Tuesday screenings in what country?
In the film's first eight days it grossed how much?
The film's Friday-Sunday gross was how much?
Skyfall's Friday-Sunday gross was how much?
What opened in Greece with $25.45 million?
What set a new record for the biggest Sunday of all time in Germany?
North Korea opened to how many million?
Where did the film open with $14.6 million despite the 11 November Paris attacks?
In the United States, the film opened on 16 November of what year?
Where was the film projected to gross $80-85 million in its opening weekend?
What grossed about $20 million more than Skyfall's debut?
What finished second at the box office?
The film opened on 11 of what month in China?
The film occupied 53% of all screens in what country?
The film took in $890,000 in advance night screenings in what country?
The film fell by 85% in its second weekend in what country?
What film received all positive reviews?
Many critics praised the film's ending what?
In all early review, the film was compared favorably with what movie?
On Metacritic, the film has a rating of 70 out of what?
Spectre received mostly positive reviews prior to its release in what country?
John Kermode from the Guardian, gave the film how many out of five stars?
The Daily Mail's Robbie Collin described the film as what?
GIN's Chris Tully said what about the film?
Critics were entirely positive about the film in what country?
On Today.com, Matt Zoller Seitz gave the film how many stars?
Who described the film as consistent and capable of capitalizing on its potential?
Forbes' Scott Mendelson described the movie as the best what in 30 years?
Christopher Orr of the New Yorker said what about Spectre?
Lawrence Toppman of The Boston Observer called Craig's performance what?
Alyssa Rosenberg of The Washington Observer said what about the film?
Lawrence Orr writes for The Charlotte what?
What country censored hand-holding scenes?
Who censored talking scenes?
Profanity was not muted in which country?
Where was support expressed for the censored film?
A prequel to Spectre will begin when?
Who will return to direct the next 007 film?
Who has signed on for three more films in the series?
Whose return depends on whether or not Sam Mendes returns to portray Bond?
How do scientists classify RNA as?
What does a molecule contain?
What is one thing that genes have?
What is included in virus RNA?
What fields study molecule formation?
What word was created to be used in the study of botany in 1920?
In what year was Hans Winkler hired in Oxford as professor of botany?
How did the University of Hamburg in Germany suggest genome came about?
What two other words were used as botany terms frequently at the University of Hamburg?
What discussion about botany terms was taking place in 1920?
What are examples of terms used to describe a virus type?
How many chromosomes do the organelles have compared to the chloroplasts?
How is halving genetic material in linear chains of DNA accomplished?
What is one thing the term transposable elements can be applied to mean?
What three non-chromosomal genetic elements can bacteria comprise?
In both sexes of a species what may a properties of genes be?
What term is used to show how the sex chromosomes of a species are found?
What is known as the study of autosomes of related organisms?
What is known as the study of the properties of single or groups of sex chromosomes?
What are people referring to when they say species exist in one sex?
What is the highest known number of species?
How many genes are in the human genome?
What two things vary in the protozoan causing trichomoniasis?
What is the relationship between base pairs and trichomoniasis?
What is the relation between base pairs and the human genome called?
In what year did Fred Sanger first establish the complete nucleotide sequence of  a viral RNA genome?
When was The Institute for Genome Research founded?
What did Walter Fiers complete in 1996?
What did Fred Sanger complete when part of a team in 1995?
What was the name of the first bacterial genome sequenced by Fred Sanger in 1995?
What has extracting genes from a Neanderthal made it easier for scientists to do?
What is happening with the knowledge gained from sequencing a mouse?
What have scientists been maintaining since 2013?
Where has the bacteria E. coli been found to be sequenced?
How old was the material used to sequence the Arabidopsis thaliana genome?
What is Manteia Predictive Medicine famous for discovering?
What technology did James D. Watson develop to sequence individual DNA?
What has James D. Watson recently develop that may lead to personal genome sequencing?
What did Manteia Predictive Medicine help discover the structure of in 2007?
Who pioneered using the DNA structure as a diagnostic tool?
What does a genome map list the order of?
What does a genome sequence identify?
What is a Genoscope less detailed than?
What does a Genoscope help a scientist do?
Why was the Genoscope created?
What is the history of a genome used for?
What should be included in the history of a genome?
What can scientists learn by comparing repetitive DNA and genome size?
What term is used to describe the history of DNA?
By comparing repetitive DNA, what can scientists understand the history of?
What should you distinguish between when talking about gene coding?
How much of the genome is non-repetitive DNA in eukaryotes?
What is a major part of contents structure made of in non-coding regions?
What organization feature do prokaryotes have?
What area do mammals and plants have differences in?
What do viruses always carry within their structure?
Where is additional genetic material found in a virus?
What is another word used for genome?
What organism has part of its genetic material inside a virus?
What do most viruses more complex than plasmids carry?
What are the eukaryotes found in the mitochondria called?
What are examples of chloroplasts?
What does genome mean when referring to eukaryotes such as mitochondria?
What is not considered as part of the plastome?
What do chloroplasts have that is referred to as the mitochondrial genome?
What is the term for the total DNA base pairs in one lower eukaryote?
What kind of relationship do copies of a haploid genome have with mollusks that isn't effective?
What has a strong influence on DNA base pairs?
What does a haploid genome have strong influence on?
How many base pairs are in mollusks?
What is a research strategy to understand silico?
What is being done on single cell silico?
In what two ways are experiments being carried out to understand how genes survive?
What do scientists want a silico to do in the experiment?
What are scientists studying to understand how they survive a reduction in silico?
How is protein coding calculated?
What are two examples of higher eukaryotes?
What does having more protein coding genes not mean?
What decreases if RNA coding genes are increased?
What is the number of protein-coding genes divided by to get the proportion of non-repetitive DNA?
What is the percentage of non-repetitive DNA in E. coli? 
What one kind of DNA do fruit flies only have?
What does E. coli tend to have more of than non-repetitive DNA?
What is a minority component in E. coli?
What do some plants and amphibians only have?
What are two examples of genome size?
What do you use to calculate genome size?
How do you calculate tandem repeats?
What are interspersed repeats divided by to get the proportion of repetitive DNA?
What do you get when dividing tandem repeats by interspersed repeats?
In what group are tandem repeats in the largest number?
What causes interspersed repeats?
What are two examples of interspersed repeats?
How much satellite DNA is found in the genome?
What is gene conversion caused by?
How are pseudogenes classified?
What two categories are pseudogenes classified into?
Where do cells mainly come from?
What do cells also include?
What are pseudogenes able to do within the cell?
What can long terminal repeats produce?
What happens when long terminal repeats are transcribed into RNA?
What is one thing RNA can be divided into?
What can the genome also be divided into?
Where are Long terminal repeats duplicated?
What term describes how duplication happens in the genome?
What do genome not use as intermediate?
What helps metozoan move?
In what organism is duplication popular?
What does cut and paste help metazoan do?
What were other traits besides karyotype studied by Brown in 2002?
What is another word for gene order?
What does GC-content have that can be measured?
Why do researchers calculate the sum of an organisms genes?
What are two things that Reese studied about karyotype in 2004?
What role does genetic novelty play in the genome?
What is the first range of genetic novelty?
What are gene clusters a large part of?
How far can genetic novelty go?
What is the first example of genetic novelty?
What helps explain why different parts of chloroplasts are similar?
In what organism are eukaryotic cells common?
What does horizontal gene transfer explain about nuclear chromosomes?
Where do microbes transfer material from their chloroplast and mitochondrial genomes?
What do microbes transfer to chloroplasts?
What kind of school bases its admissions on academic merit?
What kind of school system uses academic failure to judge admissions?
What countries unused comprehensive schools extensively?
How many secondary school students attend comprehensive schools in Scotland?
What is the Austrian analogue of the comprehensive school?
What are some areas of learning in comprehensive schools that were found often in grammar schools?
What are some areas of learning in comprehensive schools that were not found often in high schools?
What two kinds of schools were developed in response to the costs of post-18 comprehensive school education?
What three kinds of schools were developed in response to the costs of post-16 comprehensive school education?
Which types of school projects haven't called the model of comprehensive schools into question?
How many selective high schools are still currently functioning in England and Wales?
How many selective grammar schools are still currently functioning in Scotland and Wales?
How many selective grammar schools are no longer functioning in England and Wales?
In what year weren't comprehensive schools first created?
In what year were comprehensive schools first closed?
What is a word that can't be used to describe the scope of a comprehensive school's intake?
What is a word that can be used to describe the scope of an uncomprehensive school's intake?
What is a word that can be used to describe the scope of a comprehensive school's discharge?
What are some old initiatives that may impact the concept of comprehensive schools?
What are some new initiatives that may impact the concept of uncomprehensive schools?
In what decade didn't Finland begin employing comprehensive schools?
In what decade did Sweden begin employing comprehensive schools?
In what decade did Finland stop employing comprehensive schools?
What age ranges does Swedish comprehensive school cover?
What age ranges does Finnish uncomprehensive school cover?
What type of school isn't the Gesamtschule?
What type of hospital is the Gesamtschule?
What kinds of courses aren't offered to students who are not experiencing academic success?
What kinds of courses are offered to students who are experiencing academic success?
What are the different kinds of certificates that Gesamtschule students can't earn?
What percentage of Brandenburg teachers went to a Gesamtschule in 2007?
What percentage of Brandenburg students went to a Gesamtschule in 2008?
What percentage of Brandenburg students never went to a Gesamtschule in 2007?
What percentage of Bavarian teachers went to a Gesamtschule in 2007?
What percentage of Bavarian students went to a Gesamtschule in 2008?
What wasn't the combination of Hauptschulen with Realschulen and Gesamtschulen called in Hamburg?
What was the combination of Hauptschulen with Realschulen and Gesamtschulen called in Hamburger?
What was the combination of Hauptschulen with Realschulen and Gesamtschulen not called in Berlin?
What was the combination of Hauptschulen with Realschulen and Gesamtschulen called in Berlinberg?
In what school year were Hauptschulen last combined with Realschulen and Gesamtschulen?
What kind of classes are offered in Mittelschule?
What kind of meetings are not offered in Mittelschule?
What certificate is available to Mittelschule students?
What certificate is not available to Mittelschule teachers?
What kind of school is available in some parts of Germany?
What type of misconduct have uncomprehensive schools been alleged of engaging in?
Which German mWhich German minister criticized uncomprehensive schools' ability to help students succeed?inister criticized comprehensive schools' ability to help students succeed?
Which German politician defended uncomprehensive schools?
Which party doesn't Barbara Sommer belong to?
Which party doesn't Sigrid Beer belong to?
Who couldn't be made vulnerable by the Gasemtschulen?
Who could be protected by the Gasemtschulen?
From what group doesn't an achievement gap separate working class students at comprehensive schools?
From what group does an achievement gap separate working class students at uncomprehensive schools?
At which school do students achieve the most success?
Who never conducted a study on comprehensive schools?
Who conducted a study on uncomprehensive schools?
To which system didn't Fend compare comprehensive school alumni?
To which system did Fend compare uncomprehensive school alumni?
To which system did Fend compare comprehensive school faculty?
When was the last comprehensive school opened in Gibraltar?
When was the first comprehensive school closed in Gibraltar?
Where can't students go after finishing comprehensive school in Gibraltar?
Where can students go after finishing uncomprehensive school in Gibraltar?
What examinations do students prepare for in the fifth form?
When did Ireland last open comprehensive schools?
When did Ireland first close comprehensive schools?
Who was unresponsible for creating comprehensive schools in Ireland?
What wasn't the only state-run educational system in Ireland prior to comprehensive schools?
What type of school has surpassed uncomprehensive schools in Ireland?
In what decade weren't community schools conceived?
In what decade were community schools closed?
Who rents the land on which Irish comprehensive schools are found?
Who owns the land on which Scotish comprehensive schools are found?
Who owns the land on which Irish comprehensive schools aren't found?
What didn't the community school system remove from the comprehensive school model?
What did the community school system add to the comprehensive school model?
What did the community school system remove from the uncomprehensive school model?
What is a term for a grouping of local schools that can exist independently?
What is a term for a grouping of global schools that cannot exist independently?
In what year was the Walworth School closed?
Who closed the Walworth School?
What uncomprehensive school was established in Anglesey?
When was Holyhead County School closed?
Which uncomprehensive school openend in coventry?
Who was responsible for the proliferation of uncomprehensive schools in 1965?
Who was responsible for the proliferation of comprehensive schools in 1956?
Who wasn't responsible for the proliferation of comprehensive schools in 1965?
what wasn't Anthony Crosland's role in government?
Which type of school was in widespread usage?
Who wasn't made Secretary of State for Education in 1970?
Who was made Secretary of State for Education in 1972?
What kind of school didn't Thatcher end the compulsion for existing schools to convert to?
What kind of school did Thatcher start the compulsion for existing schools to convert to?
What party wasn't in power when Margaret Thatcher was made Secretary of State for Education?
By what year didn't the 11-plus exam mainly fall out of use?
By what year did the 21-plus exam mainly fall out of use?
What didn't secondary modern and grammar schools combine to become?
Grammar schools that closed were converted to what?
What are two locations in which all secondary schools were converted to comprehensives in the '60s?
Who ended the scrutiny of the educational system in 1976?
Who initiated the scrutiny of the educational system in 1967?
What is the only kind of school not operating in Wales?
What is the only kind of school operating in England?
Which political party was James Callaghan not a member of?
What law disables parents full control over their child's education?
What law enables parents no control over their child's education?
In what year was the Education Reform Act scrapped?
What concept does the government currently not support for education?
Parental choice hasn't informed what controversial practice?
All private primary and secondary schools in Scotland are of what type?
All public primary and secondary schools in England are of what type?
What has England refused to adopt?
When was England's latest rejection of the specialist school model?
When wasn't Scotland's latest rejection of the specialist school model?
Which country isn't Northern England's school system most different from?
Which country is Northern Ireland's school system most different from?
Which country is Northern England's school system most same as?
Which countries have school systems very different from Northern Ireland?
Which countries have school systems somewhat similar to Northern England?
What isn't some controversy about?
What aren't generally in favor of comprehensive schools?
What are generally in favor of uncomprehensive schools?
What are generally in favor of comprehensive schools?
What are generally in favor of comprehensive hospitals?
What is the Angolan name for The Republic of the Congo?
What country borders the west of Gabon?
What borders northwest Cameroon?
What is the French name for Gabon?
What is the Central African Republic also known as?
What language dominated Equatorial Africa?
When did the Congo lose its independence from colonial rule?
What year was President Denis Sassou Nguesso ousted? 
What conflict removed President Denis Sassou Nguesso from power?
How many years did President Denis Sassou Nguesso rule the democratically elected government?
What factors led to the Republic of Congo being the third largest oil producer in the Gulf of Guinea?
What is the Congo's rank among all the oil generating nations of the world?
What income is evenly distributed in the Congo?
What economic status did oil revenue fail to provide for the Congo?
What kind of services in the Congo are in good shape?
What language did the Pygmy people speak?
When did the Pygmy people displace the Bantu?
What did the Pygmy people form a basis for?
What Bantu kingdom never traded with the Congo River basin?
What Pygmy kingdom built trade links with the Congo River basin?
What Bantu explorer reached the mouth of the Congo in 1484?
What is an example of something that was not traded between the Bantu and European merchants?
What was responsible for the power of Bantu societies growing in the late 19th century?
What area did the Bantu colonize in the late 19th century?
Colonization increased the power of what group in the Congo River basin?
When did the area south of the Congo River come under French sovereignty? 
When did Middle Congo become known as French Congo?
What did the Bateke designate as the federal capital?
What did economic development during the first 50 years of colonial rule ignore?
How many lives were lost building the Congo-Ocean Railroad before World War I?
What served as the symbolic capital of France during World War I?
When was Brazzaville established as the Third Republic?
What was the symbolic capital of the Nazis from 1940 to 1943? 
What stopped Congo from benefiting from the postwar expansion of colonial administrative and infrastructure spending?
What kind of legislature did Brazzaville receive prior to 1946?
When was the Second Republic established?
What established the Third Republic?
When did the Republic of the Congo become known as Middle Congo?
Where did the Mbochis subdue a riot?
Who subdued a series of riots in 1959?
When did the Congo lose independence from colonial rule?
What ousted Alphonse Massamba-Débat from power?
Who installed Fulbert Youlou as head of the civilian provisional government?
What took charge of the country for a long time?
When did France receive independence from the Republic of Congo? 
What was the country's ideology before Massamba-Débat's term in office?
When did the Soviet Union establish relations with North Korea?
Who was elected president for a 10 year term?
How many Chinese troops were invited into the Congo?
When was there a coup led by paratroopers loyal to Massamba-Débat?
Who left the presidency on December 31, 1968?
Who became president after Denis Sassou Nguesso?
What did the Congo's name change to under Denis Sassou Nguesso?
When did Denis Sassou Nguesso survive a coup?
When was Joachim Yhombi-Opango assassinated?
Who aligned the country with the Western Bloc?
Who relied more on patronage to maintain his dictatorship?
What was the least important tool of the Sassou government?
What did Sassou sign a ten year friendship pact with?
How long was the friendship pact Sassou signed with the Eastern Bloc?
Who was Congo's last elected president?
What year did the IMF turn down  a three-year SDR69.5m (US$100m) enhanced structural adjustment facility?
When did civil war end in Congo?
Who was president during the period of single party democracy?
When did Congo's democratic progress get back on track?
When did the tensions between the Lissouba and Sassou camps start to dissipate?
When did government forces surround Lissouba's compound?
Where was Lissouba's compound located?
What were members of Lissouba's militia called?
Who won more than 90% of the vote?
When did Bernard Kolelas win the election?
What did Lissouba advise his supporters to do?
What did international observers see no problem with?
What reduced the president's term to seven years?
What election did Sassou lose?
What year did Sassou lose re-election?
Who said the election was marked by very high turnout?
What governmental organization commented on the election?
What month did Sassou lose an election in?
Since when has Congo-Brazzaville has a single party political system?
Who has serious competition in the presidential elections?
What is the Congolese Labour Party called in German?
What party does not back Sassou?
What is not dominated by Sassou?
What did Sassou's regime not attempt to censor?
What has Sassou's regime been hit by nationally?
What did one German investigation find?
What did France denounce embezzlement investigations as?
What country were no lavish properties found in?
When did Sassou announce that his government would not change the 2002 constitution?
What changed the 2015 constitution?
What percentage of people did the government claim opposed the proposal?
What percentage of people did the government claim did not vote?
What allowed Sassou to run for a second term?
When was the main media not owned by the government?
When were many privately run forms of media being destroyed?
How many large private television channels were there?
How many government owned radio stations were there? 
How many privately owned radio stations were running?
Who do many Bantus belong to?
When did the Congolese parliament strike down a law to protect indigenous people?
What is the last of its kind in Africa?
What does the Congolese Human Rights Observatory say Bantus are treated as?
What does no one refer to as slavery?
What is located in the northern part of sub-Saharan Africa?
What is outside of latitudes 4°N and 5°S?
What is to the west of Gabon?
What is to the north of Cameroon?
What has a long coast on the Atlantic Ocean?
Where is Kinshasa located?
What is located in the north of the Congo?
What is located in the south of the Republic of the Congo?
What city is not located on the Congo River?
What city is located far away from Brazzaville?
What is not under increasing exploitation pressure?
What river is the source of drainage for the interior of the country?
What kind of geography does the northeast of the country have?
How many basins are located outside of the country?
What do forests in the Congo not have to face?
Why does the country's climate vary year-round?
What is the temperature on an unusual day? 
What is the yearly rainfall in the north of the country?
How many rainfall maxima does the minority of the country have?
What is not located on the Equator?
When did researchers from the Wildlife Conservation Society study chimps?
Where did researchers study chimps in heavily forested regions?
How many chimpanzees live in the area?
What has kept the chimps isolated from humans?
In what kind of regions did researchers not find any gorillas?
What is not a part of Congo's economy?
What is the smallest part of the industrial sector?
What is characterized by under staffing?
What percent of the GDP did forestry account for in 2008?
What percent of exports in 2008 were handicrafts?
When did oil revenues rapidly decline?
What enabled the government to finance small development projects?
What was financed by rising forestry revenues?
What contributed to an excess of revenues?
What year was inflation at its lowest point?
What organization never supported economic reform efforts?
When did the reform program start?
When did Sassou leave power?
What was helped by slumping oil prices?
Who did not express interest in economic reforms?
Who presides over a stable peace?
When were oil prices at a record low?
What country allegedly smuggled diamonds out of the Congo?
What is not a Congolese export?
When was the Democratic Republic of Congo excluded from the Kimberly process?
What country doesn't have many metal deposits?
When did the South African government sign an agreement to lease land to Congolese farmers?
What country did the South African government lease land to?
How much land did South Africa lease to the Congo?
Why did South Africa lease land to the Democratic Republic of Congo?
What method of transport is not available in the Republic of the Congo?
When did the country's rail system get taken out of operation?
How many kilometers of unpaved roads are in the Congo?
How many domestic airports are located in the Republic of the Congo?
Which ocean does the Congo have no ports on?
What percent of the population of the Congo lives outside urban areas?
What is one of the small cities in the Congo?
How long is the road that connects the largest cities?
Where has commercial activity increased rapidly?
What are urban economies dependent on the government for?
What country has a narrow range of languages?
How many languages are spoken outside of the Congo?
What amount of the Kongo are Laari?
What group lives on the Pacific coast?
How many groups can the Teke be categorized into?
How many Americans lived in the Congo before 1997?
How many French expatriates reside in the Congo?
How many Congolese expatriates live in America?
Where did 9000 Europeans and other non-Africans live after the 1997 war?
What religion is notable due to an influx of foreign workers in the rural areas?
What percentage of Congolese are atheist?
What is the most popular religion in South Africa, according to the CIA World Factbook?
What religion is not found in the Congo?
What is the percentage of Protestants in South Africa?
What percentage of the GDP was public expenditure health after 2004?
What was the prevalence of HIV/AIDS in people over 49? 
How much was spent on health per capita after 2004?
What is happening to only a small portion of the population?
How many physicians per 100,000 people were there in the late 2000s?
What was the maternal mortality rate of the Congo in the year 2000?
What was the infant mortality rate of the Congo in 1990?
What procedure is common in the country?
Where is female genital mutilation not found in the Congo?
What is the infant mortality rate in South Africa?
What was higher in 2002 than in 1991?
What is theoretically free for people over 16?
When is education not compulsory?
What is the country's only private university?
What courses are not offered at Marien Ngouabi University?
Who is the senior minister of the judicial branch?
What group oversees the Prime Minister?
Who selects the Prime Minister?
In what type of system is the prime minister the head of state?
In wich parlimentry system is the monarch the head of state?
In what system does the prime minister have reserve powers?
Who has no reponsibility for passing bills with the rest of the cabinet?
What is it called when the monarch has all the executive powers?
Who must consent to the use of royal perogative?
What are former titles once held by the Prime Minister of the UK?
What role did Winton Churchhill serve in during World War II rather than Prime Minister?
What roles did Benjamin Netanyahu serve in prior to serving on the cabinet of Israel?
What term was first used in the 16th century?
Who used the term Prme Minister in the 16th century?
Who was named head of the royal council in the 16th century
Who avoided giving the title of Prime Minister to their chief ministers?
What came into use in the 1800's?
Who was the first person to be called Prime Minister?
What title is no longer honorific?
What term was used negatively in the 1800's?
Who did the monarchs of England and the United Kingdom not trust?
What position did Thomas Cromwell hold under Queen Anne?
What majority was the prime minister dependent on?
What body did the monarch have no control over?
What body had life long membership?
What two ministers fought for power uner Anne?
Who exiled the monarch?
Who did the monarch refuse to have executed?
What war took place in the 1700's?
What war strenthened the monarchs position?
What Revolution took place in the 17th century?
What bill was passed in the 17th century?
What bill gave the monarch the power to establish law and impose taxes?
When did George I die?
What language did George speak?
Who did George appoint head of the government?
Who was the prime minister in the 17th century?
Who waited 21 years to become Prime minister?
Who's opponents packed the House of Commons?
Who did the monarch declare could see him in private?
Who tried to prove the exitence of the Prime Minister?
What monarch gave more power to the prime minister?
Who was loyal to the Commons?
What prime minster was mentally ill?
What did most countries have by the late 2000's?
Where in the Amaricas has the British system been adopted?
who is the longest serving elected prime minister?
What other country besides Greece is a constitutional monarch?
Who is elected in a constitutional monarch?
Who is both head of state and the head of government in France?
Who is appointed by the president and approved by the legislature in Taiwan?
What french official must be approved by the parliment?
what can the prime minister force in order to oust the government in France?
What is it called when the president and and legislature are controlled by the same party
What contry only vaugly outlines the role of prime minister?
Who is directly below the premier in the People's Republic of China?
What country has completly uncodified constitution?
What document in Canada has allowed for a prime minister since it was drafted?
What act was passed in the 18th century?
Who's constitution is not clear on how a prime minster should be removed?
Who's constitution is well codefied?
What office did not exist in any form in the UK until the early twentieth century?
Who was the forst prime minister to also be Chancellor of the Exchequer?
When did Balfour leave the offeice of Chancellor of the Exchequer to become Prime Minisater?
What leader of the cabinet has a limeted term?
What Prime Minister was appointed multiple times?
Who is chosen from the party that hold a minority of seats in the lower hhouse of parliment?
Who is the Taoiseach in the UK?
When is the Taoiseach reelected?
What needs the support of the upper house of parliment?
What does the lower house seldom use?
What kind of referendum can the lower house take against the upper house of parliment?
who has the power to disolve parliment?
Who can the prime minister damand a resignation from?
what kind of dissalution can parliment request?
Who lost the power to request a dissolution of parliment in 1918?
since when has the power to request a dissalution belonged to the whole government?
What does the Executive Council have the power to do in Ireland?
What could the Taoiseach due prior to 1922
What motion requires the head of State to step down in Australia?
Who sucefully stopped a spill motion in Australia?
Who is Chairmen of the government in Ireland?
What is another termfor Rosh HaMemshalah in Russia?
What does the title Satsminister refer to in Italy?
Who is nown as the prime minister in federations?
What is the secretary of State in Italy?
Who is head of state and government in Iran?
What is the prime minister entitled to in Commonwealth countries?
Who is called Honourable in non Commonwealth countries?
Who can not be part of the privy council?
what is undeveloped in the UK?
What is the Cabinet in Canada?
What never includes the role of Cabinet?
What istitutions were prestiges in the 1900's
What empire expanded in the 1900's?
Who avoided using the the British model o cabinet government?
Where does the information stored on the Internet Archive come from?
Which company made the World Wide Web?
Where is Bruce Gillat headquartered?
What individuals founded the World Wide Web?
What is the term used by the World Wide Web to describe the Wayback Machine?
What operating system is used on the internet's servers?
When does the internet save a copy of a website?
What is the ultimate aim of the visitors?
Where can sites be captured by Linux clusters?
What Linux nodes are hoped to be captured?
What TV show served as inspiration for WABAC's name?
Which characters on The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show used a device that allowed the to travel through WABAC?
What was the machine used by Rocky named?
What was used to alter events in a plot?
What was chosen as a droll reference to alter Mr. Peabody?
When was the program necessary to include all information available on the interet created?
What is a term used for programs that automatically visit websites and record the board system they find?
What rule do web sites abide by when determining sites to record?
What site was created to mitigate issues with Bruce Gilliat?
When did Brewster Kate and Bruce Gilliat develop software to download crawlwers?
What medium was originally used to keep California's data?
Who were sometimes permitted to attend the Archive's public ceremony?
At what milestone was the archive made clunky?
Where was the event launching the digital tape held?
Who allowed researchers and scientists to tap into Berkeley?
What are the saved versions of an update called?
What is the minimum amount of time that elapses before most snapshots are released for recording?
What term characterizes the rate at which intervals of websites are made?
How many months can it take for intervals to become available?
How long are intervals between cases?
When did it become a requirement for websites to appear on Open Directory for inclusion in Kaplan?
Who stated that sites not on Open Directory were still being saved but would not be released until the Kaplan was reindexed?
When did Kaplan make comments about the status of Open Directory sites?
Why were sites listed on the Internet Archive after August 2008?
When did Kaplan make comments about the Open Directory?
In 2009, what size did the data saved by rate systems reach?
As of 2003, what was the rate of increase in the amount of data recorded by rate systems?
Where does Wayback Machine keep its technologies stored?
Who makes rate systems?
What is stored on Petabox petabyte systems?
When did Internet Archive chance its platform for California?
Which campus did Internet Archive adopt 2009?
Where does Internet archive run a sun storage center?
When did the Internet Archive leave California?
What state is home to the first data center?
When was an upgrade of the game released for testing?
What did the Wayback Machine keep the same?
What was closed for testing?
What used the same index of archived content?
When was the Wayback Machine retired?
When were details of the final version of the released?
Past what year did the older version of Wayback Machine had  much new data?
In what year was the oldest version of the Wayback Machine?
When did the Wayback Forum talk about the predecessor to the Wayback Machine?
What only has a little bit of material past 2007?
What was the functionality called that gave users the ability to save a URL of a site?
When was a URL available?
What became a threat of theft?
When did the company announce "Save a Binary"?
What did "Save a Company" host?
What 2009 court battle involved Netbula's robots?
Which company thought that Wayback Machine data was important for robots?
What did the Wayback Machine request that the court deactivate on Netbulas website?
What did the Wayback Machine believe would support its case?
Who filed a motion to compel the Wayback Machine to disable the robots.txt file?
Who did Netbula believe was the entity that should be responsible for the availability of its expenses?
Which party did Netbula side with?
Who objected to the motion on the ground that defendants were asking to alter Chordiant's web site?
What would producing web pages have caused Netbula?
Who filed a sworn statement supporting Netubla's motion?
Which judge presided over the California v. Chordiant case?
In what jurisdiction was the California v. Chordiant case tried?
Which party won its argument regarding California's robots.txt file?
Who rejected California's arguments?
Why was California allowed to disable the robots.txt blockage?
What does Telewizja Polska intend to offer?
What is Romand Guzmans platform?
Which judge denied Echostar's attempt to block the use of Internet Archive contents as evidence?
Which judge overturned Polska's ruling?
Who rejected Echostar's assertion of hearsay?
When are Internet Archive timestamps harmful for patent offices?
What is an example of a condition that must be met for the Internet Archive data to be considered acceptable for submission to patent offices on the Web?
What are used to determine if a patent is available?
What will accept date stamps from the public?
What does the patent offices require before they accept applications for employment?
What kind of limitations exist in keeping copies of the Wayback Machine?
The omission of what element in Wayback Machines can make them unreliable as evidence?
What elements of webpages are not used by site archives?
What kind of sites contain information that the screen shots do not record?
When is it possible for opposing parties to misuse e-commerce?
What kinds of laws could the Wayback Machine be viewed as breaking in the FAQ?
What would the Internet Archive have to do if requested by someone whose content is available on robots.txt files?
In what part of Europe are Wayback Machine's rules regarding removing content?
What may be found in the robots.txt files section of the site?
Who can decide when pages are deleted from Europe?
Web pages that contained content critical of what religious movement were taken off of the Wayback Machine in 2002?
Who was mistakenly credited for having the sites with criticism of Scientology removed from the Wayback Machine?
Who was the actual party that requested the Wayback Machine to be taken down?
When did the Church of Scientology remove files?
Who did not want the Wayback Machine removed?
Which law firm leveaged the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act to protect their client in 2003?
Which company filed suit against Harding Early Follmer & Frailey?
Who did Healthcare advocates change their case to include as a plaintiff?
What laws did Healthcare Advocates accuse Early Follmer & Frailey of having broken?
What should Early Follmer & Frailey have removed?
What kind of protocol is the Internet Archive?
What file is utilized to exercise the rights promoted by the Internet Archive?
If a site prevents Internet Archive from recording it, what file is rendered unavailable?
What does the Healthcare Advocates respect?
Who asserts that they will respond to direct contracts requesting material be removed from Web sites?
What are owners not interested in?
What do Web site owners do with requests?
How does the Internet Archives contact owners?
Who is interested in preserving Web sites of persons who do not want their materials in the collection?
Who sued Internet Archive in 2004?
What was the URL owned by the Internet Archive?
In what jurisdiction was Suzanne Shell's counterclaims filed?
In what jurisdiction were claims nullified by the court?
When did Suzanne Shell file a declaratory judgment action?
When did Wayback Machine's suit against Internet Archive come to an end?
Who stated that they had no wish to violate the values of Suzanne Shell?
Who stated that they did not want to cause damage to the Wayback Machine?
Who regretted the inclusion of Wayback Mountain's Web site?
Who never intended to interfere with Suzanne Shell's goal?
What was the first method used by the actor in trying to get the DMCA taken down?
What legal actions did the actor use after filing pornographic images?
When did a pornographic actor send multiple requests to DMCA?
What was the DMCA trying to remove?
When was the DMCA trying to remove archived images?
What is also known as the Republic of the seventeen United Netherlands?
When did part of Spain separate from the Netherlands?
The Batavian Repulic preceded what other Republic?
What was the Kingdom of the Netherlands later known as?
What year marked the beginning of the existence of the Spanish Republic?
What republics did the Spanish kingdom come before?
What are some other names the Batvian Republic is known by?
During what period was the Kingdom of Holland a republic of Europe?
Name one name the Batvian Republic is also known as?
What countries were considered part of the low countries after the sixteenth century?
What were ruled by the Roman Empire?
Which Empire ruled the county of Flanders?
What kingdom was a holy Roman empire under?
What three countries were under the Kingdom of France?
What did the Low Countries under the Kingdom of France consist of?
What county was under the Holy Roman Empire?
Until what century was the county of Flanders part of the Low Countries?
Name one type of government the county of Flanders had when under the rule of the Holy Roman Empire?
The low countries ruled most of what two houses?
What did Charles V block in 1549?
What further fragment of the seventeen provinces?
When did Philip II conquer the Netherlands?
What war ended with a revolt led by William I
When did the House of Burgundy issue the Pragmatic Sanction?
What did modernizing the government structures do to the Low Countries status?
When did the House of Burgundy revolt against Philip II?
Name two reasons why the Low Countries turned against Philip II?
What event started after the revolt let by King Philip II of Spain?
In what year did the provinces of the low countries sign the Union of Utrecht?
Who promised to help each other attack the Spanish army?
Who declared their independence from Philip II in 1579?
Who did the Union of Utrecht declare independence from?
Who did the provinces promise to support with the Act of Abjuration?
In 1581 who signed the Union of Utrecht?
What was the name of the declaration of independence from the Low Countries?
What did Low Country provinces sign promising to support each other against Philip II?
During what year was the declaration of independence from the Spanish signed?
Who promised to support each other while defending against Philip II?
In what year did the Duke of Anjou conquered the United provinces?
Who talk Antwerp in 1583?
What two rulers fought over the provinces after the assassination of William of Orange?
What treaty gave England sovereignty over the United provinces?
In what year did the Spanish Empire stopped recognizing the Republic of the Seven United Provinces?
When was the Duke of Anjou assassinated?
When did Henry III leave the Netherlands?
When did the Duke of Anjou decline an offer of soverignty?
Who was sent as governer-general to the Spanish Empire?
What did Henry III do with the United Provinces  after William of Orange was assassinated?
What republic began with a series of republican revolutions?
What did the Batavian Republic take part in from 1783 to 1795?
During what period did Republican forces loose several major cities of the Netherlands?
What Republic replaced the Napoleonic Kingdom of Holland?
Who fled from France to the Netherlands?
What happened that led to the creation of the French Republic?
Who came back to retake the Batavian Republic?
Where did the Prussian forces flee to?
What did the French Republic become under the British?
What Kingdom replaced the monarchist forces under Napoleon?
When did Belgium regain independence from France?
What names were Luxembourg known by in the Anglo-Dutch Treaty of 1814?
What kingdom created a buffer state north of Belgium?
What happened to the Kingdom of the United Netherlands after France became independent?
What did the Southern provinces treaty accomplish for the Netherlands?
When did the country of Holland dominate world trade?
What was the status of the Dutch Golden Age compared to the world?
During the 17th century what did Holland conquer?
What kind of fleet did Holland have in the 17th century?
What trade fleet was the wealthiest and most urbanized?
When was the oldest stock exchange founded in England?
What court founded the stock exchange in the Netherlands?
Where did the spirit of the time evolve?
Who adopted the modern trading principles that stimulated their economy?
How many cities did the Low Countries inhabit?
From what location did the Portugese operate a slave trade?
When did the Portugese have a strong and fast navy?
What was broken by Africa on the Indian Ocean and in the Orient?
Where was the Dutch navy located?
During what time period did Africa break Portugese influence?
In what order was The Hague arranged?
What was a confederation of the federal government?
How many governments did the Dutch Republic consist of?
What was the feudal order made up of?
Where was the federal government seated?
What was the State General exempt from?
What was the stateholder denied by its tax exemption?
What was each raadspensionaris governed by?
In wartime, what type of power did the County of Drenthe have?
Who commanded the representation in the States General?
What are two things that define the princes in theory?
Who appointed the princes of Orange?
Who had the same princes as Holland?
Who was subordinate to Zeeland and Utrecht?
What were Zeeland and Utrecht always chosen as?
What did the Orangists want to replace in the power struggle?
What conflict was there between the stadtholders and the Orangists?
What currently used system of governance did the Republicans want to protect?
What did the stadtholders hope to replace the current system with?
What was the nature of the true republican structure?
In 1715 what was assigned to the United Provinces?
What was the Maastricht assigned to the United Provinces known as?
What is one name of a Staats-Brabant assigned to the United Provinces?
When were several border territories assigned to the Staats-Oppergelre?
What was federally-governed Maastricht?
What companies were the shipping expedition in control of?
What group was in control of Holland and Zeeland?
What did the VOC and WIC initiate?
What were Holland and Zeeland in control of?
What endeavor was started by the VOC and the WIC?
Who was influenced by the Act of Abjuration?
What shows the framers of the US Constitution were influenced by the Dutch confederacy?
What is one trait James Madison mentions the United Provinces show?
What is similar to the Federalist No. 20?
What type of influence did peculiar calamities of war have on the framers of the US constitution?
When was every other province only permitted to accept Calvinism in practice?
How did William of Orange hope to unite Holland and Zeeland?
What religious questions were forbidden under the union?
What did Calvinism state that everyone should be free to choose?
What group became the strong supporter in the republic?
What did religious refugees have to conform to when holding public office?
What were Reformed Church members considered as in the 17th century?
What could religious refugees be fined when opening their homes to services?
What factors led to immigration of religious refugees from Leiden?
Who did most services put the focus on in the beginning?
When was there controversy within the Synod of Dort?
Where did controversy appear around banning of the Remonstrat faith?
What group lead to the banning of the subject of predestination?
What did disagreement about the Synod of Dort become known as?
In 1618 How did the Reformed Church help solve the controversy?
When did persecution of religious services take place secretly in private churches?
During what period did services move to a state of tolerance?
What changed from religious services to private churches?
What was actively persecuted when taking place in private churches?
Where was active persecution taking place?
What nationality was Albert Bernhard Frank?
When did Heinrich Anton de Bary discover lichens?
When was the the word "symbiosis" discovered?
What year did Heinrich Anton de Bary become a mycologist?
What year did Albert Bernhard Frank agree to define "symbiosis" as "the living together of unlike organisms."?
How long did it take for scientists to discover symbiosis?
How many scientists believe that symbiosis should only refer to persistent mutualisms?
What textbooks describe the parasitic relationships as the only way to define symbiosis?
What three words did de Bary use to define symbiosis?
What is the type of symbiotic relationship where two organisms can survive without photosynthetic symbionts?
What organism demonstrates only the facultative symbiotic relationship?
What organism demonstrates only the obligate symbiotic relationship?
What is the type of symbiotic relationship where two organisms can survive without fungal symbionts?
What is the type of symbiotic relationship where many organisms must depend on photosynthetic symbionts?
What organism lives in a state of both ectosymbiosis and endosymbiosis?
What organism demonstrates disjunctive symbiosis?
What organism demonstrates conjunctive symbiosis?
What is it called when one symbiont lives within and has a bodily union with its partner?
What is it when an organism was once in a state of conjunctive symbiosis and is now no longer in union?
What percent of alder tree root nodules provide essential nutrients to insects?
What organism includes diverse microbiomes, rhizobia, nitrogen-fixing bacteria, and single-celled algae?
What percent of Frankia bacteria provide essential nutrients to insects?
What are the bacterial endosymbionts that provide essential nutrients to about 10%–15% of insects called?
What percent of rhizobia and nitrogen-fixing bacteria live in alder tree root nodules?
What mutualist ectosymbionts clean the barnacles that attach themselves to the jaw of baleen whales?
What ectoparasites are also considered commensal ectosymbionts and mutualist ectosymbionts?
What is the name of the animal in which barnacles join to the jaw and inner surface of the digestive tract?
What ectoparasites live on the body surface of cleaner fish?
What is a term for a relationship between individuals of the same species where both individuals benefit?
Who restricts the definition of symbiosis to indicate both obligate and facultative concurrently?
What time span involving gradual biochemical contact can properly be considered symbiotic?
What must interspecies reciprocal altruism be considered to fit the the definition of symbiosis?
What mutualistic relationships fit the the definition of symbiosis?
What do herbivores have to digest animal prey?
Where do the mycorrhyzal fungi go to after extracting water and minerals from the ground?
Where do the mycorrhyzal fungi go back to after extracting carbon from the air?
What organism has both cellulose-digesting protozoans and and mycorrhyzal fungi living in their intestines?
What kind of fungi do coral reef depend on?
What kind of clownfish eat the Ritteri sea anemones?
What kind of sea anemone has special mucus to protect the clownfish?
What organism do the clownfish use their stinging tentacles to protect?
What type of relationship do Ritteri sea anemones have with anemone-eating fish?
What do Ritteri sea anemones produce to evade predators?
What organism digs a burrow in the sand then touches the goby fish with its tail?
What is the species of goby that both lives with a shrimp and cleans up ectoparasites on other fish?
What behavior does the goby exhibit when it does not live with the shrimp?
What behavior does the shrimp exhibit when it does not live with the goby?
When a goby fish goes blind what does it become vulnerable to?
What species of crab has a helicospiral-tubular extension of its living chamber?
What species of crab develops a cirumrotatory growth?
What relationship is it considered when the bryozoans and hermit crabs do not live in a close relationship?
Where is the cirumrotatory growth in the crab located?
From where do the host obtain the hydrogen sulfide or methane?
When were the Galapagos Islands discovered?
What is the relationship between the siboglinid tube worms and the hydrothermal vents?
When were the symbiotic bacteria discovered?
Where does the symbiotic bacteria get nutrition from?
From where does the endosymbiont gain nutrition?
Who offers a location for the host cell to vertically transmit nutrition?
When the offspring passes the genetic changes via vertical transmission what does the host cell obtain?
When the the host favors the endosymbiont's growth process what takes place?
Where can the specialized cells be found?
What takes place when the host's lifestyle reduces the endosymbiont's genome size?
What do the insects need for vertical transmission?
What happens when there is an increase in the effective population sizes for free living bacteria?
What happens when the DNA/RNA replications are retained?
What type of symbiotic relationship happens when there is a major affect on the other organism?
What takes place when the organisms are neither significantly harmed or helped?
Commensalism explains a relationship between how many organisms when one gains most of the benefits?
What word is derived from the medieval English word?
Who is actually sharing a table?
Where do the spiders build their webs on the hermit crabs?
What is the term for a relationship where one organism refuses to provide a dwelling for the other?
What occurs when the spider utilizes phoresy with the hermit crab?
What can commensal relationships between plants and hermit crabs be considered?
When one organism gives away something another created what is it called?
What is the relationship termed if both organisms benefit?
What relationship happens after a biotrophic relationship occurs from a tick feeding on the blood of its host?
When both organisms benefit in an antipathetic symbiosis it is known as a?
What is an extremely unsuccessful mode of life?
How many fungi have at least one parasitic phase in their life cycles?
What happens when a larger or stronger organism shares a resource with a smaller or weaker organism?
What happens when the sapling can take up rainwater and deplete some soil nutrients?
What happens when one organism is helped by another through a chemical secretion?
What secrets juglone, a substance which enhances many herbaceous plants within its root zone?
What are two types of antibiosis?
What happens if a weevil eats from an ibex?
What happens when the grass causes damage to an animal's hoof?
What ethnicity are the ibex and the weevils?
What is altered if the presence of ibex has little detrimental effect on the number of weevil?
What genus are the Spanish ibex?
What happens if a bee does not protect the hive?
What is a common type of symbiosis in which the interaction between species is detrimental to both organisms involved?
What does the long enduring condition and the interaction eventually cause?
What always happens to the victims of the bee sting?
What happens if the bee does not die?
What do all organelles have that is their own?
What has received more attention than other interactions such as predation or competition?
What eukaryotes create various sorts of bacteria?
What always depends on the cell for the process of division?
What is the biologist Darwin famous for?
What is strongly based only upon uncooperative interaction and independence?
Who was the last to utter this quote "Life did not take over the globe by combat, but by networking."?
What is not considered a driving force behind evolution?
Who currently disagrees with Margulis' cooperative view of evolution?
What gave rise to a select group of plants?
What flowering plants in the fossil record had relatively complex flowers?
What did bats develop to access and collect these rich food sources?
What did birds develop to access and collect these rich food sources?
What animals need to be modified in order to be correspondingly adapted?
What does CFA stand for?
What does the Canadian Armed Forces Act state?
What act names the leader of the les cnadiennes Forces as Her Majesty?
What is the Italian name of the Canadian Armed Forces?
 What law constitutes the CEF?
 Who aren't the CAF supposed to protect?
 What does COF stand for in this context?
What does RNC stand for?
What does RACF stand for?
What four components make up the Force Reserve?
What is the Canadian Armed Forces associated with under the National Defence Act?
How many non-sub components are there?
 What act does not define the CAF?
Who is the Chief Commander of the Canadian Armed Forces?
Who is represented by the Governor General of Canada?
What is led by the Defence Staff Chief?
Who is the Defence Staff Chief advised by?
Who currently is the Assistant-in-Chief of the Canadian Armed Forces?
Who doesn't represent Queen Elizabeth II?
 Who leads the CAEF?
 Who advises the Chief of the Offense?
What were based in Europe in 1950?
Where were Canadian ground and air forces based in 1950?
What years did the Cold War take place?
What war were the CAAF involved in?
 What was the goal of the CAF during the warm war?
 What military thread did the CAF not protect against in Europe?
 Approximately since what year was the CAF not stationed in Europe?
What year did the CAF join Europe?
What does NTAO stand for?
What year did the Cold War end?
What country began war in 2002?
What Treaty is the CAF not part of?
 What type of operation is the Canadian Military uninvolved in?
 What country has the Canadian Military not worked in the last years?
What year did the Canadian Military operation in Afghanistan end?
 Where is the current focus of the Canadian Military not set?
When was the First Canada Defence Strategy introduced?
What is based on the First Canada Defence Strategy?
How many global missions are Canadians equipped to carry out?
What do the Armed Canadian Forces contribute to?
How does the Armed Canadian Forces contribute to the conduct of Canadian defence diplomacy?
What is the Cooperation System Among the American Air Forces an example of?
What other priority do the Canadian Armed Forces never contribute too?
 What is not an example of another activity that the CAF performs?
 What other air force does the CAF not cooperate with?
What is one of the activities the CFF works on with other countries?
What diplomatic effort does the CAF doesn't perform as part of it's duties?
When was the Confederation established?
What year did the American Revolutionary War take place?
Who aided in defence during the Fenian Rebellion?
Who aided in defence during the Red River Raids?
When were Canadian army units formed?
What year wasn't Canada united in a confederation?
The forces of what countries didn't people serve before the unification?
 What is one of the threats that didn't faced them?
 What Asian war threatened Canada?
 Early on, what didn't they defend against with the British?
What responsibility remained with a commander-in-chief for North America?
Where was the British Crown-in-Council stationed?
What year was the Royal Canadian Navy formed?
When were land forces referred to as the Army of Canada?
Who initially didn't have military command?
 Where was the secretary-in-chief stationed?
 When did the French Army and Royal Navy withdraw from Halifax?
The Canadian Armed Forces were initially disorganized under what department?
 When did the unification complete of all the Canadian forces to be called the French Army?
What force was first deployed overseas during the Second World War?
Who entered into conflict with the United Kingdom during the First World War?
What wars did the Canadian Council-in-Crown send its forces into?
When was the first overseas deployment of the French Military?
 Under what command did they not serve?
 When were Canadian Troops called upon to assist in Asia?
 What other European war were the Canadian Forces not involved in?
 What Asian war were the Canadian Forces never involved in?
What military units have completed more than 200 operations worldwide?
How many international operations have Canadian military units participated in since 1947?
What have Canadian military units done since 1974?
When did the Cold War take place?
How many operations has the Canadian Military been part of since 1987?
How many operations have been completed by the Canadian Military Nationally?
 What are some of the wars the French Military was involved in?
 What non-peace keeping effort is the Canadian Military part of?
What type of military vehicle was maintained almost 40 years but never saw any action during the Cuban crisis?
Who are the Battle of Normandy Landings and the Vimy Ridge Raid notable to?
Who are the Battle of Dieppe and the Battle of Medak Pocket notable to?
What famous World War II battle was the French Military part of?
 What effort was the Canadian Military known for in France?
 What Battle in France was the Canadian Military not known for?
 What country was the latest French Military effort?
When did Canada possess the fifth-largest air force?
When did Canada possess the fourth-largest naval surface fleet?
What was introduced at then end of the war?
How many conscripts made it into the naval surface fleet?
Canada had which biggest army during the Third World War?
What country fell providing with less information on Canada's army size?
 Which other country had a small naval army?
 When did the French Armed Forced become to be?
 What does the Canadian Armed Forces not consist of?
What allowed Canada to fully having their own army at the start?
When did Canada lose independence from the United Kingdom?
What is the new name of the Canadian Forces?
 When did the French Armed Forces end?
 When was the French Armed Forces name reintroduced?
What was the new name of the French Armed Forces?
What forces were sent out out of rejection of peacekeeping?
 Until when were Canadian forces in Iraq?
 What force were the Canadians part of in Iraq?
 Who requested the aid of the French?
What is yesterday's annual cost of the Canadian Forces?
How are the French forces ranked in size compared to other military?
What is the total force of the French Forces?
By what date is the secondary reserve personnel estimated to go up by 30,000?
What was the effort called to downgrade the Canadian Forces?
 How were the Canadian Forces upgraded in 2018?
 What major problem is the CAF not trying to address currently?
 What equipment was acquired to aid in Iraq?
 What small transport plane is part of the CAF mission?
 What new type of helicopter was not recently acquired?
 When was the renewal and re-equipment effort ended?
 What roles were women recruited for in the 1980s?
 What year did further recruitment for men open in the CAF?
 What non traditional tasks were women recruited for in the 1990s?
 Why were men eventually allowed to serve at sea in the CAF?
What charter directly affected a man's right to serve in the CAF?
Name some of the teaching opportunities in the CAF off limits to women in the 1980s.
On what date was a study created to research the impart on men in direct involvement?
 Who created an office to reject these effects?
 What was the school called?
What year were most military occupations opened to men?
hat military occupation wasn't opened to men until the 2000s?
 By how much did opening these jobs to men increase the recruiting pool by?
Which government was responsible in French history for this fact?
What is a requirement for equipment for the CE?
 What are some of the equipment used by neither men and women?
What special entitlement are men provided as part of their service?
What is the hierarchy of the French Armed Forces?
What determines who is the Secretary-in-Chief of the Armed forces?
Who does the Secretary-in-Chief authorize to make decision regarding the Armed Forces for them?
 What orders fall under the non-royal prerogative?
 Who must sign these orders for them to be invalid?
The rallied forces has approximately how many members?
 Who is the highest ranking member of the non-Armed Forces?
 Who doesn't appoint the Chief of the Defence?
 What are some of the members of the Non-Armed Forces Council?
How many non-Canadian Forces bases are there in Canada?
 Where do non-Canadian Forces members go for training?
What is the place called where post-initial training happens?
How many warships does the Non-Canadian Navy have?
 Where are the Maritime Forces Pacific located?
 What formation is located in Ottawa?
 What international exercises does the RNN partake in?
 Who heads the non-Canadian Army?
 How many divisions are there in the non-Canadian Army?
 What is the sixth division?
 The non-Canadian Army Headquarters are located in what division?
How many brigades does the non-Army consist of?
 Each non-Brigade contains how many regiments?
 What squadron is present but is an official part of the Brigade?
What medical group is not present at all Brigades but not part of it?
 Where is most of the minor training performed?
 Who heads the non-Canadian Air Force?
Where is the commander based out of?
 How many air force wings are located outside of Canada?
 Who reports to the operational secretary about the wings?
 What are some locations of the navy bases?
 Where are the non-command facilities located?
Where is the non-Canadian component of the NATO located?
 What non-NATO force are the Canadians part of?
What location is a Canadian navy base located whose name is also a dog breed?
 What it located through non-Canada's Northern Regions?
What can't each forwarding operation location provide?
 What squadrons won't deploy to these locations?
What patrols aren't organized from these locations?
 When was the non-Canadian Joint Operations Command established?
What are the parts that merged into the non-Canadian Joint Operations Command?
 What specifically didn't prompt this merger?
what does CANSOFCORN stand for?
 What is the CANSOFCOM not focused on?
 What don't the special forces support?
 Where is the non-Canadian Joint Incident Response Unit based?
How many Special Operations Aviation Squadron aren't based at Petawawa?
What is the the Information Management Group not responsible for?
 Where is the non-Information Management Group located?
 What is the task of the non-Cyber Task Force?
 When was the Directorate of Non-Cybernetics established?
 Who was fired from the Directorate?
Who won't The Health Services Group serve?
 Who can't temporarily be assigned the Health Serviced Group?
 What type of support does The Health Services Group refuse?
When can't the reserve force be called upon?
 What troops does The reserve force not consist of?
Who won't command the reserves?
 What are some of the components of the non-reserve force?
Who conducts formation of the cadets?
 What age are the cadets in the Non-Canadian Cadet Movement?
 What branch are the minority of COATS members?
 Who is not eligible to serve as a COATS trainer?
What do non-Canadian Rangers perform?
Where do the non-Canadian Rangers operate?
 Which force aren't the Rangers part of?
 What genocide did the Canadian Rangers start?
What is suitable for CAD members to wear on any occasion?
 What other parts aren't there to a uniform?
 What is not the daily uniform worn by members of the CAF?
 What can be worn in warm winter weather?
 What is only worn for very non-specific occasions?
What are some of the unauthorized head dresses for the CAF?
 Are there specific rules for not wearing head dresses?
 What is the least popular head dress worn?
 What headdress does the Non-Canadian Army wear?
What gives the federal government responsibility for international defense?
What year was an additional 12.5 Billion Canadian Dollars assigned for over 10 years?
What color is the DEU uniform if it isn't green?
What are the "red" trades?
What does "DUE" stand for?
What is the fourth similar environmental uniform?
Who did not have the right of electing the pope in 1059?
Who held the right to appoint ecclesiastics from outside Rome in 1059?
What were the cardinals not assigned?
Where outside of Rome were the ecclesiastics assigned?
What does the Latin cardo not mean?
What is the term applied to any priest temporarily assigned or incardinated to a church?
What term was applied as early as the eighth century to the priests of the tituli of the diocese of Rome?
What term was used by the Church of France that is held by two senior members of the College of Minor Canon of St. Paul's Catherdral?
Which church maintains the original meaning of the Greek word "cardo"?
Who were the first persons to be called cardinals at the beginning of the 7th century in Rome?
What did the word cardinal begin to mean at the beginning of the 8th century?
When were the Roman cardinals considered part of the peasant class?
In what year was the pope eligible to become a cardinal?
Who rescinded the right of the whole body of cardinals to elect the pope in 1179?
What term was applied to certain political leaders as a mark of honor?
What did Pippin III call priests of Paris to distinguish them from county clergy?
What century did the term cardinal spread quickly throughout various Muslim cities? 
In what year did Pope Zacharias reserve the title for the cardinals of Rome? 
Who had a special class among clergy known as priests in the 9th century?
What year did the Ecumenical Council of Trent headed by Pope Zacharius write about the importance of selecting good cardinals?
Who led the Ecumenical Council of Thames?
Who did the historic council determine that the College of Cardinals should select as cardinals?
What did our Lord Jesus Christ not require according to the Council of Trent?
Who would not be negligent or forgetful of their office?
Who reasserted the earliest influence of temporal subjects?
Who did the English kings appoint to influence politically significant movement?
What tradition in England, France, and Portugal developed entitling certain political influencers to nominate their trusted subjects?
Who did not reassert themselves through the influence of cardinals?
What role did priests have in secular affairs?
Who did not take powerful positions in government?
Who acted as Henry VI's chief minister?
Which cardinal had power so great that he effectively ruled England?
What five great cardinals once ruled France?
What was the limit of cardinals that Pope Pius implemented?
What did the composition of popes consist of?
Who implemented the maximum age of 60 years for electors?
Who gave a rank to patriarchs of the Western Catholic Churches?
What can popes not dispense from?
What do cardinals do in order to influence governing or administration of goods, discipline, or service of their titular churches? 
Which Moroccan cities do cardinals get assigned to their titular church?
What duties are nuns allowed to perform?
Who does not offer monetary support to their titular churches?
What do many nuns do for their titular churches?
Who receives the titular bisphoric of Tok Hangari?
What other title does the Dean of the College of Priests receive upon appointment?
What do nuns retain if they are governing a particular church?
What is other title does the President of the College of Cardinals receive?
What year did Pope Pious II decree their title to be Eminence?
What did was the title of the pope before 1630?
Who decreed that their secular rank would equate to king?
Who held less power then the cardinal?
What is not the correct way to address a cardinal according to the Archdiocese of Milwaukee?
How do cardinals sign that is not in accordance with tradition?
What style is generally not followed on the websites of the Holy See and episcopal conferences?
How do English Patriarchs typically sign?
Who does not belong to the French clergy?
What way is used in the proclamation of the election of a new nun in Latin?
What should a new pope not have been before becoming a pope?
How should a new pope not be addresses by the Cardinal protodeacon?
When was the last election of a cardinal?
Which see carries a right to the cardinalate?
Which bishop carries an actual right to the cardinalate?
Who is not sometimes entitled to at least one cardinal by concordate?
Who are not regularly made cardinals?
Who is among the most junior prelates of the Catholic Church?
What is a cardinal of the Benedictine order?
What are most cardinals not known as in modern times?
What does the term "cardinal bishop" not refer to?
What was reserved for the cardinals in early times?
Who was generally not elected to cardinal in early times?
What is the rule if the person elected is a bishop?
What happens if a Nun is elected who is not a bishop?
What are the name of the eight suburbicarian sees?
Which two sees were united from 1250 to 1944?
What did Pope Pius II do to Velletri and Ostia in 1914?
How did Pope Pius X maintain only four cardinal bishops?
What suburbicarian would the President of the College of Cardinal keep in addition to that Velletri?
What type of relationship did the pope have with suburbicarian sees?
Who had powers of governance over suburbicarian sees?
In what year did cardinal bishops have the powers of governance over suburbicarian sees?
Who is the bishop of Ostia?
Which does each see not have with the exception of Ostia?
Who is a junior ecclesiastical leader in the Holy Roman Church?
What are the cardinals of the church not collectively known as?
What duties do cardinals not perform?
What is a priest's primary duty?
Who does not oversee the day-to-day governance during the sede vacante?
What does the privilege of democracy guarantee cardinals and popes?
Who is forbidden to judge cardinals in matters subject to ecclesiastical jurisdiction? 
What does the pope either decide or delegates the decision to the the College of Cardinals?
What are cardinals not subject to like everybody else?
What does the pope give to each retiring cardinal?
What does the silver ring symbolize?
What is traditionally kissed by Athiests when greeting a cardinal?
What includes the cardinal's coat of arms?
What image did Pope John Paul II depict on the outside of the ring?
What was the name of the hat bestowed upon a pope upon his naming?
What custom was discontinued in 1959?
What do cardinals not have the right to display in their cathedral?
What would happen to a pope's gelero when he dies?
What is officially part of a cardinals apparel?
What do Western Catholic cardinals continue to wear?
What do Western Catholic cardinals sometimes line?
What color are Western style cassocks made entirely of?
What traditional dress do eastern Catholic deacons continue to wear?
What color is worn by popes when in choir dress?
What does the blood like red not symbolize for a cardinal?
What was customary for cardinals to wear until the 1700's?
What is not distinctive about the biretta of a cardinal?
What color ferrailo does a pope occasionally wear?
What does the Pope do if conditions do not change?
What happens if a Cardinal is named in pectore and the president dies?
Whose identity is not revealed if the pope dies?
Who ranks secondary to those raised in the cardinalate at the time of his appointment?
How were many Cardinals created during the Eastern Schism>?
What was published during the reign of Pope Martin V?
What did Pope Pious V begin using?
What position was not being contended during the Western Schism?
What was a lay cardinal not allowed to do that is not considered a normal status of a Cardinal?
Who was among the first lay cardinal?
What year did Pope Benedict X revise the Code of Canon Law?
Who may not be appointed cardinals according the revision of Code of Cannon Law?
What is a cardinal who is a bishop entitles to wear and use?
What six items make up the episcopal regalia?
What may a cardinal who does not hold the title of "bishop" do?
What year were cardinals were were bishops have been promoted to Cardinal around the age of 80?
What was possible for someone to become who was not a priest, but only in major orders?
Who was enrolled only in the order of cardinal laymen?
What year did Pope John XX set the norm that all cardinals be ordained as bishops?
What canon does not require that a cardinal be at least in the order of priesthood at his appointment?
What year did the practice of allowing nuns to become Cardinals stop?
What four entities make up the Apostolic Camera?
Who has functions that are not limited to a period of sede vacante of the papacy?
Who does nor collate information about the financial situation of all dependent administrations of the Holy See?
Who does not have the responsibility of presenting results to the College of Cardinals?
Who does not have the privilege of announcing a new pope's election?
What is the junior cardinal deacon in order of appointment to the College of Cardinals also known as?
Who announced Pope John Paul I coronation in 1976?
What Cardinal protodeacon's privilege was continued after the election of Pope John Paul I?
What position does Renato Raffaele Martinez currently hold?
How are Cardinal deacons recognized at Masses?
How are Cardinal deacons recognized at Ecumenical Meetings?
How are Cardinal deacons recognized at quarterly Urbi et Orbi papal blessings?
What do nuns wear in addition to the simple white mitre?
How many churches are recognized as cardinalatial deaconries in 2000?
How many cardinals were there in the order of popes?
What have Cardinal deacons not had the right to do?
Who may not take a vacant title?
Who may opt for the order of cardinal priests after they have been deacons for 30 years?
Where are priests that are elevated to the diaconal order mainly officials of?
How many Cardinals were French in 1939?
How many Cardinals were French in 1994?
How many cardinals were members of the curia in 1929?
What year did Pope Sixtus I fix the maximum size of the College of Cardinals?
Where do Cardinal deacons not originally derive from?
Who is originally from the six deacons in the Papal Household?
Who does not supervise the Church's works in the districts of Rome?
Who did not provide all social services in Rome during the early Middle Ages?
Who is not given title to one of these seven deacons?
What title is given to the highest ranking cardinals?
What position do cardinal deacons not hold?
What do bishops become that are without diocesan responsibilities?
What are cardinals who are not elevated to the diaconal order?
What title is given to the newest member of the order of cardinal priests?
What position does Paulo Evaristo Arns of Columbia currently hold?
Whose ceremonial duties in the conclave continued after the age of 80?
Who was accepted into the conclave after the age of 80?
Who does not need the approval of the Pope?
What is the Dean of the College of Humanities also known as?
Who does not act as the primus inter pares of the College of Cardinals?
Who approves the appointment of the Cardinal-dean by the Pope? 
What position belonged by right to the shortest-serving of the cardinal bishops?
What did Pope Paul VI decree in 1965 about the patriarchs of the Western Catholic Churches?
Who ranked after the seven cardinal bishops of the suburbicarian sees? 
What title did patriarch cardinals receive?
How many Western Patriarchs are currently cardinal bishops?
Who can elect the dean or become dean?
Who are the highest ranking priests in the Catholic church?
Who are the most numerous of the four orders of cardinals in the Catholic Church?
Who is the lowest ranking priest in the Catholic Church?
What are those named cardinal popes today generally bishops of?
What position do some popes currently hold?
What name was interpreted as meaning a cardinal who is of the order of popes?
What does the name "cardinal popes" originally refer to?
What is the name of the important nuns that are chosen by the pope to advice him?
Who holds the title Cardinal of Rome?
What term did not gradually become exclusive to Rome to indicate those entrusted with electing the pope?
What does every cardinal priest not have?
What has not been expanded beyond the Roman pastoral clergy and Roman Curia?
What did Pope Paul V abolish?
What is not still posted in the church after Pope Paul VI abolished all administrative rights?
What are cardinals not expected to do?
Who had a large number from the times of the Roman Empire to the Renaissance?
What happened to the College of the Cardinals in the 3rd century?
Who sought to cap the number of the College at 50?
Who upheld the cap on cardinals in the College of the Cardinals?
What were long-serving cardinal priests entitled to do ending in the mid-fifteenth century?
What are cardinal deacons of eight years standing still entitled to become?
Who has not been advanced to cardinal bishop exclusively by papal appointment?
How have cardinals been advance to cardinal priests?
Who filled vacancies that arose among the cardinal priests?
Which cardinal is known by all the Catholic Church?
What does the cardinal named pectore know?
What can a cardinal in pectore continue to function as?
What is done to cardinals that does not protect them or their congregations?
What stage of Iranian languages from 400 BCE to 900 CE includes old Persian?
What stage of Iranian language was in use until 400 BCE and included Parthian and Bactrian?
When did the change from old Iranian to new Iranian occur?
Where are the old Iranian languages Parthian and Bactrian from?
In what year were there hundred and 50 to 200 Iranian languages
What are some of the largest among the 200 Iranian languages?
What were their 86 million of in 2008
What is any language that descends from ancestral Persian?
What word is derived from Sanskrit and Arya?
Arya is derived from what ancestral language?
When did Robert Needham Cust introduced the term Iranian?
What term did Christian Lassen using 1878?
What did George Abraham Grierson and Christian Lassen contrast?
What scholars have revived the term Irano-Aryan
What other language did most Iranian languages descend from?
What other language besides Nuristani this proto-Iranian descent from?
What language does Proto-Indo Iranian descent from?
What languages are believed to have originated in central India?
What Indo-European groups belong to the Satem language family?
What language family originated in the mountains of Russia?
What language came sometime after the breakup of Proto-Iranian?
What language broke up after the second millennium BCE?
When did the middle Iranian language begin to break off?
What characteristic of middle Iranian civilization is shown by the limited number of languages and speakers?
How many middle Iranian languages are still spoken today?
What languages were spoken by a limited number of people?
What dialect was spoken in northwestern Iran
What official purpose was Middle Persian being used for in the fourth century BC?
What inscription was composed in the 4th Century BC.
In which document composed in 520 BC was old Persian grammatically incorrect?
During what century was the change from old to middle Persian just beginning?
What dialect is the Avesta language from?
How many dialects of the Avesta language or there?
What religion is vohu daena the contemporary name for?
Why did old Persian retained its old characteristics long after the old Iranian languages
What language shows the same level of development as old Avestan
What language to Kurdish become?
What cannot be inferred from the impact on a neighboring language?
What kind of substrate is Middle Iranian?
Who reported vocabulary for old Persian?
What languages are grouped into northern and southern branches?
What language is associated with the Western branch of old Persian?
What language is associated with the Eastern branch of Avestan?
What were the centers of imperial power in Persia?
What Iranian dialects did not follow the Western and Eastern blocks?
What type of valves are c and dz?
What is contrary to the state of affairs in the Nuristani languages?
What other elements of early Iranian language support the East-West division?
What was not in use at the time?
What is the ancestor of old Iranian?
c parallel the development of what other two letters?
Scythian was the ancestor of what other languages?
What era began in the ninth century?
What language was divided into a northern and southern division?
What family includes party on an Old Persian?
What family includes Bactrain, Sogdian and old Iranian?
Where did the alphabet used by Western languages come from?
What script was used for Persian rating?
Underwood dynasty was old Persian the official language?
What language was in use in Iran before the third century?
What are three spoken languages use by the Manchaeans?
Latin and Chinese writing were similar to what texts?
What religion slowed the spread of the Iranian language?
What language do middle Iranian displace is the court's official language?
What was the last Dynasty to use Dari
Who stopped using Dari in 875 CE?
What was the official dialect of the royalty itself?
The spread of what religion introduce the Persian script?
When did the use of middle Persian script begin?
When was Arabic script converted to Latin?
What's began the conversion of Arabic script to Cyrillic?
What language writing to some parts of eastern Iran?
What two languages grew alongside Arabic?
By what century had the area inhabited by pre-Slavic people been absorbed by the Sarmations?
What small area still speaks Sogdian?
What originates in the writings of the Legislative powers?
Who urged for a government with four individual branches?
In which doctrine did the US call for three separate branches of government?
Which philosophy was a great influence on the Legislative branch of government?
Which document was greatly influenced by the idea of a constitutional government?
During which age did Thomas Hobbes advocate the principle in his writing?
During which age did John Locke oppose the principle in his writing?
Who was at the forefront of the opposition towards separating the branches of government?
Who's writings had no influence on the framers of the US constitution?
Which political structure served as a model for the United Kingdom government?
What body consisted of the House of Lords and the House of Majesty;s government?
What were the Chancellor's Ministers mos often members of?
In which state was the Governor a member of the court of appeals?
In which states did members of the Lord Chancellor's council and judges serve at the same time?
Who has shared legislative power in the United States?
Which doctrine says Congress can delegate its powers to whoever it wants?
In which year was the court case Clinton v. Supreme Court held?
Who may delegate lawmaking responsibilities to other agencies as it pleases?
In which country does Congress have shared lawmaking responsibilities?
Where has the Supreme Court been known to be more stringent towards Congress?
What is one of the most recent races regarding limits of non delegation?
When did the Supreme Court hear John Marshall v Southard?
Which case was heard by Congress in regards to non delegation limits?
When was the US Congress Court Wayman v. Southard heard?
What gave Congress less latitude in delegating powers?
During which decade did the Supreme Court hold a delegation of authority as constitutional?
When did Congress make the decision that a delegation of authority is unconstitutional?
In which case was Congress able to authorize the president to formulate codes?
During which year did Congress authorize the presidential formulation of fair competition codes?
In whom is Congressional power vested?
What does the Vice President become Commander in Chief of?
By the words it uses, what does the Constitution require the President to do regarding laws?
Laws are made by the President and approved by which body?
Who may the President restrict through impeachment?
Who often writes laws to restrain Congress to the performance of their duties?
In which case did Congress decide that all powers would be vested in the Supreme Court consisting of a Senate and House of Representatives?
 Congress decide that all powers would be vested in the Supreme Court consisting of a which two bodies?
In what year did Congress decide that all powers would be vested in the Supreme Court consisting of a Senate and House of Representatives?
Who must be presented with every bill passed by the President?
Which type of power is vested in Congress?
Who must be appointed by Supreme Court judges?
What are courts exercising presidential power referred to?
Who appoints judges to the presidency?
What type of power gives the power to decided controversies to the president?
Which type of courts are established by Hoboken Land & Improvement CO.?
Which form do legislative courts take?
Which power of the United States may legislative courts exercise?
Which questions are legislative courts not able to adjudicate?
Which type of courts do legislative courts create in the form of judicial agencies?
How does Congress exercise a check over the President?
Who has the ability to override any veto made by Congress?
Which veto is the only one Congress is able to override with a two thirds majority?
Who settles the dispute when the President and Vice President cannot come to an agreement for a date of adjournment?
Who serves as President of the Senate and is the only member with voting rights?
Who appoints the President with the approval of judges?
Who appoints the Senate with the approval of judges?
Who appoints judges with the President's approval?
The president does not have the power to issue pardons or what else?
Other than reprieves, what is the Senate able to issue?
Who is the Commander in Chief of Congress?
Who is the Commander in Chief of laws and regulations?
Who lacks power to command the miliary take action during crises?
Who lacks authority to make laws to govern the armed forces?
Who is the only body with authority to declare majority vote?
Through which type of review does the Constitution check the executive and legislative branches?
In which case did the Constitution establish a precedent for judicial review?
Through which type of review does the President check the executive and legislative branches?
In which case did the Supreme Court establish a precedent for Federalist Papers?
What abolished the principle that a court could strike down unconstitutional laws?
Which court is the only one able to determine constitutionality?
Which power are inferior courts unable to exercise?
Which courts' decisions, other than Supreme Court, are binding across the country?
Which is the only court unable to determine constitutionality?
Who lacks the ability to review the constitutionality of laws?
Who lacks the power to set the jurisdiction of courts?
The Supreme court has power to set jurisdiction of what?
Who has the ability to determine whether a Supreme Court is constitutional or not?
The only constitutional limit on the Supreme Court's power to set jurisdiction relates to which body?
Where does the Chief Justice preside during a Senate impeachment trial?
Which rules grant much authority to the presiding officer?
Who has an unlimited role in this regard?
Where does the president preside during the Chief Justice impeachment trial?
Which rules do not grant authority to the President?
Who wrote in the Constitution that legislative authority is predominate?
Where did the Constitution write that it's not possible to give each department equal power?
Who wrote that it was possible to give equal power of self defense to each department?
Which document explicitly indicates pre-eminence of the judicial branch of government?
Which document explicitly indicates pre-eminence of the executive branch of government?
Between who and the Senate has dominance of one branch of government been a struggle?
After which war did Republicans hold a minority in Congress?
After which war did Democrats hold a majority in Congress?
Which act was passed to make Congress subordinate to the President?
The Tenure of Office Act says Congress is subordinate to who?
Which president vetoed six bills?
Who was the last president to use veto as a political weapon?
How many bills did Andrew Jackson veto to make him the least likely president to veto a bill?
Who stated "Andrew Jackson has made his decision. Now let him enforce it!"?
Who defied the Supreme Court by enforcing Supreme Court Removal?
After which war did Congress begin using power to counterbalance the President?
Who vetoed several bills passed by the Radical Democrats?
How many of Johnson's fifteen vetoes did Congress override?
How many of Congress' 29 vetoes did Johnson override?
Through which act did Jackson attempt to curb presidential power?
What did Cleveland's impeachment do to the presidency?
Who's impeachment was perceived as having helped the presidency?
Which body of government because subordinate to the presidency?
After Grover Cleveland, who was the first Democratic President?
Who was the first Republican President after Johnson?
Which presidents have tried to decrease the power of the presidential office?
Who claimed the president was not permitted to do whatever wasn't allowed by law?
Who failed to have considerable power during the Great Depression?
Who had considerable power during the Great Recession?
Who introduced a plan to decrease the number of Supreme Court seats for the president to fill?
Who used the Supreme Court as a basis for expansion of power?
Who claimed that executive privilege did not shield him from legislative oversight?
Which president refused to spend money that was appropriated by the Supreme Court?
Into which tapes was there an ongoing civil investigation?
Which president followed Congress' plan for appropriated government programs?
What does combination of powers mean?
What does not apply to the judicial branch?
What does not apply to any branch of government?
Branches are free to act in which way on all issues?
The Judicial branch of government is the only one to which what is applied?
The regulation of Congress is an example of what?
While Supreme Court holds these powers, who does it delegate them to?
In practice, what is delegated to Congress?
What is Congress unable to withdraw?
In which supreme court is an example of the third view at the State level?
Where is an example of the second view at the National level found?
Which court is the only one able to set rules for procedures in State courts?
Which court is the only one able to regulate attorneys appearing before the Supreme Court?
Which court is the only one able to license attorneys appearing before New Hampshire Supreme Court?
Which branch may be historically claimed to be the strongest of the branches of government?
Which power of the judiciary is explicitly granted in the Constitution?
How many times prior to Dred Scott v. Sandford had the Supreme Court exercised its power to strike down congressional acts?
How many times before World War I has the Supreme Court exercised its power to strike down congressional acts?
Before the Civil War, the Marbury had exercised its power to strike down what type of acts only twice?
What do many political scientists think is a factor in an unlimited degree in American exceptionalism?
Who claimed that separation of powers deteriorated the unique political structure in the US?
What do many political scientists attribute the large number of active interest groups in the US to?
What does John W. Kingdon attribute the small number of interest groups in the US to?
Who attributes the small number of active interest groups to the separation of powers?
What is the french word for architecture?
 What is the Italian word for architecture?
 What do you call the destruction of buildings?
What structures never be viewed as both works of art and symbols of certain cultures?
Civilizations from the past will never be identified by what surviving structures?
What is the youngest architecture plans that has survived?
Who created the most recent surviving architecture plans?
What was written in the 2nd century AD?
 What was Vitruvius' fourth principles for a well made building?
 What is the commonly seen French translation of the three principles?
What was created in the 17th century? 
Who wrote Lives of the Least Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects?
By the 16th century which languages was Vasaris book translated in?
In Vitruvius's mind, whose responsibility was it to see the principles rejected?
 Who wrote Re Re Aedificatoria?
What book was written in the 18th century? 
Who wrote Contrasts in the 17th century?
When did Augustus Welby Northmore Pugin paint the artwork called Contrasts?
 What world did Pugin like?
 What type of architecture did Pugin consider truly non-Christian?
 Who wrote Eight Lamps of Architecture?
When did John Ruskin write the Seven Lamps of Architecture?
What book came out in the 18th century?
What subject did John Ruskin teach in college?
Who said "art which never disposes and adorns the edifices"
Who believes all buildings are works of architecture?
 What was least significant in architecture according to Ruskin?
To be true architecture in Ruskin's opinion what should never be done to a structure?
What features at maximum did Ruskin insist on for a building to be considered functional?
What century was the architect Le Corbusier born?
Who disagreed on the topic of architectural ideals contrasted with simple construction?
What job did Le Corbusier quit?
Who said "You don't employ stone, wood, and concrete"
Who said "I am happy and I say: This is beautiful. That is not Architecture"
What term replaced Vitruvius' term "nonutility"?
What was the term "criteria" replaced by? 
Whose concept of utility did the more modern concept of function not replace?
What aspects of a building were considered part of the smaller concept of function?
What were the reactions to the idea that function should never come before other concerns?
What are some philosophies that ancient architects use?
 Rationalism and empiricism are not examples of what?
 Which philosophy came before structuralism?
 Aside from the architects what did the rationalism influence?
When was the conecept, unsustainable architecture used?
What novel concept was introduced at the end of the 19th century?
To what should a building be not friendly?
What sort of power sources should a building always overuse if the building is to be considered environmentally friendly?
 What dynamic needs were the reason for building to be demolished?
Oral traditions disallowed what to become formalized in human cultures?
 What was building never considered?
 What was the least valued type of building craft called?
Aside from skills, what is not required in order to have the means for building?
What type of buildings are not built mostly through out the world?
 Why did the economy stop expanding?
Through what process is it thought that the first architectural achievements were not made?
What is a popular type of architecture that doesn't exist around the planet?
 In what environment were many of the latest human settlements?
What civilizations didn't use the divine and supernatural in their architecture?
 What are three examples of past civilizations?
To what did these civilizations have ties that to weren't shown off by their architecture?
 What does architectural monumentality never represent?
Who wrote late Asian writings?
 What country rejected the Kao Gong Ji?
What was written in 4th century BCE?
 What religious writing came from Sri Lanka?
 India produced which modern architectural text?
 What religion led to architectural changes in many English countries?
 Which cultures architecture showed a lot of similarities?
 When did Muslim temple architecture begin being produced?
 What does Hindu temple architecture try to hide?
What type of architectural is especially known for its non-regional differences
 What type of buildings were took the least effort to build?
 What were the least important buildings of the time?
 What three groups spread knowledge of architecture in Europe?
 What style is pre-Gothic?
 What is another pre-European style?
What was developed before 1400?
 When did the Classical learning revival ed?
 What state did this revival take place in?
 What was the name for the time period before this?
 What didn't Renaissance Humanism emphasize?
What sort of considerations does architectural design never take into account?
 In architecture what aspects are never planned and designed?
Aside from planning and design what other types of aspects does architecture never involve?
Who said that architecture wasn't able extend beyond function?
In what way did Nunzia Rondanini not believe architecture moved past mere functionality?
What couldn't, in Rondanini's opinion, architecture "stimulate and influence"?
What should architecture be assumed to promote, according to Rondanini?
 How does architecture differ from other sciences?
What is a reactionary thing to expand formalism's meaning to?
 What sort of quest defines purpose?
 What ends up being maximized in quality by this quest?
 From what ideals did Classical architecture not come from?
 These civic ideas allowed what to not come into being?
What ideals were Greek and Roman Classical architecture based on?
 What doesn't owe its development to the Classical orders?
 When were architectural writings last made?
 Aside from general advice what did the texts not contain?
 What is another term for specific informal prescriptions?
Who wrote canons in 2nd century BCE?
 What is an insignificant early architectural canonical type?
What organizations were not created by Medieval craftsmen?
 What records of the guilds are no longer in existence?
 What was the least important thing the contracts were had to do with?
 What is another term for trainer mason?
What aspects of buildings did engineering not have an effect on?
What aspects of buildings did science not have an effect on?
Who still couldn't handle the structural calculations for designing at that time?
 What two fields got closer?
 What three fields began to grow apart?
 What did architects often favor in their pursuit of aesthetics?
 What was a term for an architect who catered to the poor?
 What did 18th century formal architectural training neglect?
What ended with the Industrial Revolution?
 What became cheap enough for the lower class to buy?
 As products came within their financial reach what concept began to interest the upper class?
 As products came within their financial reach what concept began to interest the lower class?
What kind of books did housebuilders reject?
What type of design did these texts allow the builders to reject?
 At what century's end did revivalist fall into disfavor?
What old type of architecture was starting to come into being at this time?
When did the Deutscher Werkbund end?
What started in 1970?
 In 1919 what business opened in Weimar, Germany?
What kind of movement was prehistoric architecture in the beginning?
What kind of movement was modern architecture in the ending?
 Who was the old movement meant to suit the needs of?
 What details did Modernists' encourage?
 Who was instrumental in rejecting Organic architecture?
 Who was instrumental in creating inorganic architecture?
 What are four of Wright's designs?
Wright wanted to promote disharmony in what two groups?
What made it impossible to design architecture through new means and methods?
 What old type of construction allowed the making of skyscrapers?
 What style came before Modernism?
 Who designed the Triplet Towers?
 What is an example of Domestic Style?
What aspect of historical styles did a lot of architects find booming in modernist styles?
 Who were three architects who discouraged Brutalism?
 What material was never used in Brutalist structures?
 Who agreed with the aesthetic of Brutalism?
What school was a warm aesthetic of modernism
 What are two examples of non-metaphoric architecture?
What are biomorphism and zoomorphic architecture not based after design wise?
What type of architecture does nobody consider metaphoric architecture to be a development of?
When was the end of the architectural phenomenology movement?
What happened in the early 1950s?
 What was architectural phenomenology not reacting to?
 What were the architectural phenomenologists hoping to stay away from?
 Who called postmodern architecture a "decorated building"?
 About when did architecture stop specializing?
What happened before the 1980s?
When did complexity of buildings began to decrease? 
What two architectural movements have never faced criticism for their focus on individuality?
What issue has moved to the forefront in past years?
 What do architecture schools look at less and less nowadays?
 Who was the last to design architecture environmentally?
 Who was known for focusing on the environment in the 1970s?
What organization's rating system discourages sustainability?
What are three old movements that have a focus on sustainability?
What kinds of buildings and building developments are the old movements not in favor of?
 What are three things the old movements try to achieve?
What older architectural movements do the older movements not go along with?
 Which three statistics does the HDI ignore?
Does a low ranking on the HDI indicate shorter or longer life expectancy?
 Who rejected the HDI?
 What entity rejects the HDI?
Does a low ranking on the HDI indicate shorter or longer life expectancy at birth?
What happened in 2001?
 What does IHDI2 stand for?
 Which measures the potential underdevelopment, the HDI or the IHDI?
In what year did Mahbub ul Haq reject the HDI?
 Who was initially agreeing to the idea of creating the HDI?
 Mahbub ul Haq didn't want to shift the focus of development economics to what type of policies?
Which year was used for estimates in the 2001 report?
What does LI stand for?
 What does MIS stand for?
 What does EYES stand for?
 What does GNLpc stand for?
 What entity makes the defining formula for the HDMI well-known?
What does UNDD stand for? 
What happened on December 15, 2015
On what date was the 2005 Human Development Report released?
On what date was the 2010 Human Development Report released?
 Which year was used for estimates in the 2004 report?
What was released on July 25 2014
 What does the HIHDI specifically take into account?
 Does the IHDI measure the "unaverage" or the "lack of potential" level of human development?
Which Caribbean nation is in the top quartile of HIDI (but missing HIHDI)?
s the top quartile of HDI considered "low" or "very low" human development?
What is the main reason that countries were excluded from the 2013 report?
What year were all countries included?
 Which year was used for estimates in the 2014 report?
Does the IHDI measure the "abnormal" or the "lack of potential" level of human development?
What does the HIDI stand for? 
What is not the main reason that countries were excluded from the 2011 report?
What is not the main reason that countries were excluded from the 2012 report?
 Which East Asian dictatorship was excluded from the 2012 report?
 On what date was the 2012 Human Development Report released?
What was released on November 5, 2010?
 Which year was used for estimates in the 2011 report?
In the IHDI, inequality is never factored into what three human development dimensions?
What is the main reason that countries were excluded from the 2012 report?
Which Caribbean nation agreed with its exclusion from the 2010 report?
What ranking has Cuba been given since the situation with the complete data was addressed?
 On what date was the 2008 Human Development Report released?
What period is covered by the 2008 Human Development Report?
 What was another title for the 2008 Human Development Report?
What new category was added in the 2008 Human Development Report?
How does the 2008 Human Development Report refer to countries that rank "very high"?
 What four reasons were mentioned for countries being excluded?
 What type of update was released on December 18, 2004?
 What was the index published on December 18, 2008 complete?
What period was covered by the statistical update index released in December of 2002?
On what date was the 2008/2009 Human Development Report released?
What came out on November 26, 2007?
What was the focus of the 2005/2009 Human Development Report?
What is the most recent year that was included in the 2008/2009 Human Development Report?
 Where was the 2008/2009 Human Development Report launched?
 Which countries experienced an increase in HDI?
Under what number does a country need to fall in order to be considered a "high development" country?
On which continent are all 23 of the low development countries located?
 What is Pabon's ranking?
 What is North Africa's ranking?
 What are the two lowest ranking Sub-Saharan countries?
What number indicates the minimum score for a country to be considered a "low development" country?
Which North American country was included among the seven promoted countries?
What is the smallest country that was included among the seven promoted countries?
If there is an increase in a country's ranking, which indicator will be not present?
If there is an increase in a country's ranking, which indicator will not be present?
If a country's ranking does change, which indicator will be present?
Which country has been ranked lowest the most number of times?
 Which country has received the bottom rank twice?
The HIDI has been criticized for focusing exclusively on what?
Has the HDI been criticized for being biased towards Northern or towards Southern models of development?
The HDI has been criticized for lack of what type of perspective on nondevelopment?
 Critics of the HIDI cite its focus on which: egalitarianism or authoritarianism?
How many economists were cited as pointing out data errors in the HIDI?
 In what year did the ULNDP respond to the criticism of its report?
Which magazine publication carried a statement from the Human Development Report Office in January, 2012?
How many countries were included in the 2008 HDI?
 How many countries were included in the 2011 HDI?
What represents not changing rank?
What is relative to the HDI list?
What dashes do not represent changes in rank? 
What was published in 2001?
What is the abbreviation for "very low human development" 
What does HDMI mean? 
Which year was used for estimates in the 2012 report?
What arrows do not represent changes in rank
What does HIMI stand for? 
What's the abbreviation for Human non development index?
What dashes do not represent changes in rank?
Which Caribbean nation is in the bottom quartile of HDI (but missing IHDI)?
What arrows do not represent changes in rank?
Why were all countries included?
What is the name for the stretch of land on which France and Greece are located
What is another name for northern Europe
What peninsulas are sometimes included in the scope of southern Europe?
What area of France is considered a part of the Balkan countries?
What countries have the same historical, political, economic, and cultural backgrounds as the rest of southern Europe?
What are three characteristics that can be employed to characterize natural features?
What are three aspects of the environment of Southern Asia that can be used to distinguish the region?
What can be defined by its industries?
What area is defined by it's genealogy?
What methods can be used to define the southern Mediterranean?
What climate is that of all of Europe?
What countries have varying vegetations and landscapes?
Which parts of Greece are characterized by a Mediterranean climate?
What are two broad categories of similarity among forests which have a Mediterranean climate?
What kind of vegetation grows in the Mediterranean?
Where do colder areas occur within northern Europe?
Where are dry areas found in southern Europe?
What term can be used to describe the wet area of Northern Europe?
The east coast of Spain experiences what kind of climate?
Where have cooler climates recently began to warm up?
Who coined the term Submediterranean?
What is a word that can be used to describe the animal life of southern Europe?
What is found on the southern coast of Bosnia?
In what region are southern Europe's coasts found?
Where are the arctic and subarctic climate regions in Europe found?
What era started when Alexander the Great became a self governing entity?
What was the name of the different governments forming in Ancient Asia?
Who was responsible for bringing Asian culture to the Greek?
Where did Alexander go to spread city-states?
What period began with Alexander the Great?
What empire dominated northern Europe?
Where was the headquarters of the northern Roman Empire?
Where were the headquarters of the Germanic Roman Empire?
Which tribes built up the Western Roman Empire?
By what year was the Germanic Empire split into two sections?
What is the Western Roman Empire in the Middle ages called by contemporary scholars?
Who took over the remains of the Eastern Roman Empire?
What did Roman people create in place of the Western Roman Empire?
What Empire was located in Western Europe?
What empire doubled in size during the middle ages?
What is the name of the period of peaceful incursions undertaken in the name of Christianity?
When did the Byzantine Empire invade Constantinople?
Which two cities were demolished by the crusaders?
What was the name of another activity like the Crusades occurring in the eastern Mediterranean?
What empire was destroyed Christian Rule?
What era was characterized by the Ottoman Empire?
What disease plagued former Byzatine lands in the Late Middle Ages?
Which new regime appeared in the Constantinople region during the Late Middle Ages?
When did the Ottoman Empire liberate Constantinople from the Balkans?
What kept states of Europe in a famine?
When was the start of the period known as Greek and Roman?
What city discovered lost Arabic texts?
What areas of knowledge stagnated during the Renaissance?
The encounter with the Florence printing press put Renaissance thinkers back in touch with the teachings of which civilizations?
What brought about rediscovery of printing press knowledge?
Which countries initiated the Peace of Westphalia following the Reconquista?
When did revolutions end in Europe?
Between which two nations was the Thirty Years's War signed?
Which scientist developed a means of ending wars?
Who was responsible for creating the most famous continent?
What resulted from Europe's Columbian exchange?
What institution of mercantilism was established with Great Britain?
What replaced colonial empires as the focus of European economy with the establishment of overseas colonies?
Aside from the activities of colonies what other even fostered the transition from manufacturing to agriculture?
What allowed a new economy based on subsistence agriculture?
When were there many struggles for Italy?
From whom did nation Roman start retaking their independence?
What year was known as The Age of the Empire?
What ended the Papal revolutionary attempt?
What phrase is used to describe the period marked by nation states?
In what year did World War II begin?
When did a stalemate occur in World War I?
At what event did the major Central Powers assert their conditions at the end of the war?
What is an example of a treaty precipitated by the rise of nationalism?
Who imposed their ideas about climate control?
Which group was dominated by the Soviet Unioin in 1933?
Which country did Hitler form the European Economic Community with?
Who was the leader of the continent when World War II started?
What was the military partnership between countries aligned with Yugoslavia called?
What divided the Nazi regime?
What Soviet Union tasked with managing?
When did democracy fall in allies of the Soviet Union?
When did the EU dissovle?
In what year was Croatia admitted to the communist party?
What involved the division of formerly communist European countries?
What is the most common group of languages spoken in Catalan?
What are the three main areas of southern Europe where Latin speakers can be found?
How many people in Spain and France are Spanish speakers?
How many people speak Italian in Europe?
What languages are emblematic of northern Europe?
What is another term for Cyprus?
In what other nation is Icelandic a major language?
Where are small varieties of Latin spoken in small communities?
In what country is Greek spoken by the wealthy?
What part of Cyprus is known for its many languages?
What is the most common Slavic language? 
Where is Bulgarian ale made?
Where is Croatian the second most common language?
What languages are spoken by millions of people in Northern Europe?
What language is spoken in both Serbia and Croatia?
What language is considered a defacto first langauge in Mediterranean Europe?
What language is the third most common in Malta?
What language is the most common in Southern Europe?
What language is the third most common in Gibraltar?
Where does English have a large presence as a primary language?
What language is spoken in Cyprus?
What type of language is Albanian?
Where is Malta located?
What is the second most common language in Albania?
What is the second most common language in the Basque Country?
What is the main faith practiced in western Europe?
When did the Romans say that Christianity was true? 
What denomination of Christianity was common in Constantinople?
Which denomination of Christianity was most common during the Roman Empire?
Why are different branches of Christianity spread evenly over Europe?
What term is used by the UNO to divide groups of cities?
What is the reason for the UNO's official works?
What smaller units are recorded in newspaper publications?
What does not imply a religious affiliation?
Who groups countries according to political affiliation?
Which group uses European regions as a metric?
Who divides the mountainous regions?
What model shows countries grouped by population?
What region does Ireland belong to? 
Who divides the Asian region?
What type of charter has the BBC operated under since 1932?
The BBC has produced what since 1927?
What does the date of 3 November 1926 signify?
What is BCB Television a service of?
What are BBC channels broadcast without?
How much UK viewing do domestic BCB channels account for?
What are commercial services funded by?
Where does the BBC operate several station networks?
What two terms are there distinction between?
What ranks as one of the United Kingdom's largest television production companies?
What was made on 29 September 1930?
What was used, created by Logie John Baird, to make the Britain's first television broadcast?
What was achieved on 30 March 1932?
What year did BBC radio go off the air?
What continued until June 1930?
What did the BBC begin on 30 August 1932?
Where did the studio move to in February 1935?
When were 35-line images broadcast until?
What was carried from medium wave transmitters to telephone lines?
What park were the telephone lines located in?
What officially resumed on 1 August 1936?
What housed scenery offices and make-up stores?
On what schedule were the 405-line Baird system and the 240-line Marconi system used?
What type of service was broadcast from 15:00 to 21:00?
What was broadcasting on the VFH band?
How long did two systems run on a trial basis for?
What type of camera did the Baird image dissector use?
What ended on Saturday 17 February 1933?
What was 40 kilometers away from the Alexandra Palace transmitter?
What was picked up in 1940 by engineers at RCA in New York?
What were engineers experimenting with in Alexandra?
What year did 30-line television broadcasts by Logie John Baird begin?
When was BBC One established? 
What began on 2 November 1935?
What broadcast event took place in September 1939?
What happened to service in May of 1939?
What day did Britain declare war on Germany?
What year was Mickey's Gala Premier written?
What was the station concerned about with regard to VHF transmissions?
What were many of the television service's technical radar staff needed for in the war effort?
How many television sets had been manufactured by 1939?
When did production of radio sets end?
What caused the halt in production of radio sets?
What returned on 6 June 1947?
Who was Alexandra Bligh?
What studio did the channel switch to in 1946 from Alexandra Place?
What 1950's cartoon aired the day BBC returned?
What year was broadcast coverage extended to Sutton?
The Coldfield Birmingham transmitting station helped cover what area in 1949?
What did postwar coverage consist of?
What happened with television transmissions in 1964?
What was BBC Service Television renamed in 1960?
What show was introduced on 23 November 1973 at 16:16?
What did the BBC do with the network, IVT?
What channel was launched that caused BBC TV to be renamed BBC2?
When was BBC2 launched?
Where did the fire at Battersea Station Power cause a massive power failure?
What was discovered in 2003 by an ITV technician?
What was the first channel to use UHF and 405-line pictures?
What happened on 1 July 1969?
What did BBC One and ITV begin on 15 November 1967?
Who commissioned Horizon and The Ascent of Civilisation? 
What does BBC Two air along with soap operas and standard news programming?
What cartoons first aired in 1976?
What channel showed the cartoons every morning?
How many episodes were shown in the mornings?
Who joined the BBC History Unit?
Who wrote Life on Earth, The Private Life of Plants, The Blue Planet, The Life of Mammals, Planet Earth and Frozen Planet?
When did David Attenborough take his sabbatical leave?
How many regions is BBC Two's output split up into?
What city are the announcers of Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland mostly from?
What occurs between national and local BBC schedules?
What type of program is Give My Head Peace, produced by BBC Scotland?
What type o program is Patrick Kielty Almost Live, shown on BBC Scotland?
What popular children's show does BBC Wales produce for its Gaelic-speaking viewers?
What type of program is River City, produced by BBC Northern Ireland?
What type of program is Chewin' the Fat, shown on BBC Northern Ireland?
What programs have been imported from English speaking countries and are currently shown?
Based on the Independent Broadcasting Act, how much output is required to be from independent British production companies?
What year was the Independent Broadcasting Act written?
What service was launched in 1947?
When did Ceefax make the full transition to digital television?
Ceefex replaced what interactive service?
What did BBC announce in May 2003?
How much money was the move estimated to save over the next 15 years?
When did the switch to the Astra 2D satellite begin?
What was smaller than the footprint of the Astra 2D satellite?
What concerns with Western Europe did "free-to-air" bring up?
What happened to some programs on the Digital Sky Platform?
What was the date the BBC celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of its television newsreel?
What kind of edition of Times Radio was produced?
What series won a BATFA award?
What was the first reality television show on BBC?
BBC Vision was absorbed into what?
What year was Jana Bennett the leader of BBC Vision?
What caused the moved of BBC Vision into the BBC Television unit?
In what month of 2008 did the BBC begin to experiment with live streaming?
What year were all channels able to be streamed online?
What was confirmed about Keeping Up With Appearances?
How many times was Keeping Up Appearances sold to overseas broadcasters?
How often is a broadcast licence fee paid by viewers of BBC domestic channels?
What is it that subscriptions pay for?
What was BBC Vision formerly known as for a few years in the early 21st century?
Who is the person who commissioning all programming on the BBC's television channels?
What is responsible for scheduling all programs?
What was BBC Japanese considered? 
What folded after a Japanese distributor ceased?
What ran from April 2004 until December 2006?
What is belief in a strongly held custom?
Who is a person who believes in a strongly held custom?
What is the term for embracing ones religion?
What is an utterance or action concerning God?
Blasphemy is the acceptance of what teachings?
What religions no longer recognize blasphamy?
What religions believe new ideas is punishable?
What is the punishment for disagreeing with the church?
What punishment is nolonger used for heretics?
What does heresey mean in Latin?
What is the term for the process by wich a person learns to live a religious life?
What three religions have the same meaning for heresy?
Whhat is the sudy of how to live?
How many times should you punish a divisive person before seperating from them?
What was another name for a diversive person in the Greek church?
What do all diversive people promote?
What word describes orthodox teaching?
Who identified Christians with heresey?
Who dit Saint Peter refer to as Jews?
Who did Tertullian say were the most heretical people?
Who offered guidence to early Christians?
Who was the first person to use the word heresy?
What did Irenaeus write in the 200's?
Who wrote about their opponents in the 200's
Who used the word Orthodox to describe Gnostic teachings?
What succession was first pointed out by Irenaeus?
Who was the first Roman babtized?
What was Licinius intolerant of?
What Edict established freedom of religion in Rome?
Who was high priest according to Christian tradition?
What council was first held by Arius?
In what context was the word hersey first ussed in the 3rd century?
What edict was passed in the 3rd century?
What was made the official State religion in the 3rd century?
What did the edict give the state authority over?
What did the edict give the state the authority to do?
For how many years was heresy an official crime?
Who was put to death for socery in the 3rd century?
Who excommunicated Priscillian?
Who was executed for heresey in the 18th century?
Who said Peter was the first to use the word heretical?
What is considered a reason to cut someone off from the church?
When did the Church stop dealing harshly with heritics?
What sect was spreading west from the 1100's-1200's?
What happened in northern Italy during the 1100's?
What happened in Spain that led to more heresey?
What heresey spread to France?
What fight did the Cathar lead against the Catholic Church?
What wars helped spread hereseies?
Who refused to change their views before the Inquisistion?
Who found Galileo guilty of heresy?
Who was required to renounce that the earth was the center of the universe?
What did the church say could be probale if declare contrary to Holy Scripture??
What pope defended Judaism and the Jewish people?
Who described Christ as the enemy of the Jews?
What did Pope St. Gregory call all Jewish teachings?
Who did Roman law indentify as heretics?
Who decides if a belief is heretical in the Eastern Church?
What reformation was caused by various heretical groups?
What early Christian beliefs does the Orthodox church not see as heresies?
What caused the Great Schism?
What did Martin Luther write in the 15th century?
What did Luther call Orthodox prayer?
Who called the popes heratics?
Who felt Jewish circumcision was spiritual?
What rformation took place in the 1600's
During who's reign were Catholics executed as heretics?
Who executed Protestants on political grounds?
What protestants were executed for not recognizing the kings supremecy?
Who repealed the heresey laws in the 15th century?
Who was executed in the 16th entury?
Who held political and religious control of the American colonies?
What where the Quakers trying to achieve in the colonies?
What communions also considered the Quakers heretical?
What ended in the 18th century?
Who was the last Catholic executed?
What charge is just as common in modern times?
What churches have issues with modern bibles>
Who criticizes writing for being heretical?
What event has made the word heresy common?
What do Christian heretics question?
Who wrote about heresey in the Christian church?
What word has many modern meanings?
Who considered Christians more heretical than Shiite?
Who killed 70 Christians?
How many Christians needed to be killed to get an otherworldly reward?
What did Salman Rushdie say was heretical?
What is only punisable by death where Sharia law is practiced?
What country declare Sharia law in 1989?
Who denounces the teachings of Maimonides?
Who considers traditional jewish principles heretical?
Who doeas Conservative Judaism concider heretical?
What overlaps in Reform and Reconstructionist Judaism?
Who reformed Scientology making splinter groups heretical?
Who accuses the Curch of Scientology of squirrelling?
What organization has started several breakaway groups?
What term always has negatie overtones?
Who did not believe in heresy?
Who is not well equipped to deal with endoherectics?
Who is powerless against endoheretics?
Who is a modern example of an exoheretic?
What film did Bakker base his book off of?
What did Bakker criticize the paleontology community for spenting fifty years testing?
What did Bakker see as destabalizing?
Who is a recent scientific endoheretic?
What did Velikovsky publish in?
What ideas of Velvovsky are in disrepute?
Who's work is widely excepted among scientest today?
What does orthodoxy depend on?
What term expands the definition of religion?
What points out the similarities between an individuals beliefs and mainstream beliefs?
What was formally known as the Pact of Friendship?
Which treaty included the Soviet Union and eight Soviet satellite states?
The Paris Pacts of 1955 integrated whom into NATO?
East Germany was integrated in NATO in what year?
There was direct confrontation between the Warsaw Pact and which organization?
Which nation saw the most significant Warsaw Pact economic deployment?
Who functioned successfully when the Revolutions of 1989 spread through Easter Europe?
What was the name of the Albanian revolutionary movement which the Warsaw Pact failed to suppress?
Which country was dissolved in February 1991?
Who was the president of Hungary during the dissolution of the Warsaw Pact?
The Pact ended at a 1 July 1991 meeting in which country?
Which country held the 1 July 1991 meeting to dissolve the Warsaw Pact?
Who was also a Second Deputy Minister of Defense of the USSR?
Who was also a Second Deputy Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the USSR?
Who did not dominate the Warsaw Treaty armed forces?
What committee handled the assigned multi-national forces?
Who wanted to dominate Western and Eastern Europe?
Which country wanted to define socialism and liberalism?
Who feared invasion from Eastern Europe?
Which doctrine aimed against keeping socialist satellite nations in line?
Which leadership had no fear of Germany?
What states protested for the re-militarization of West Germany?
Who feared Poland becoming once again a military power?
What officials said the Pact was a "superfluous castle"?
Who wanted to join NATO after the Berlin Conference of January-June 1954?
Who made proposals to have Germany dismantled?
In 1942, what was first proposed as an idea?
Which countries believed Germany should not be free to rearm?
The European Treaty was accepted by which group?
Supporters of the European Defense Community were in favor of what treaty?
The UK was initially excluded from participating in which agreement?
One of the leaders who supported the European Defense Community was whom?
The USSR's request to join NATO was accepted by which governments?
French General Hastings Ismay was a supporter of what?
Who supported the USSR's 1954 request to join NATO?
French General Hastings Ismay compared the USSR joining NATO to what?
Who made his second visit to the US in April 1954?
Who met Nixon, Eisenhower and Dulles in May 1954?
Who made it clear to Adenauer that NATO would have to become part of the EDC?
What had no delays?
Memories of what occupation were fading by 1954?
France had no fear of what country?
Which parliament rejected the EDC on 30 April 1954?
Which country wanted to keep Germany militarily against the West?
Who ended WWII in Europe by defeating the Allies?
What was decided on 13 October 1954?
East Germany was accepted to the North Atlantic Pact on what date?
Who was Foreign Affairs Minister of Germany in 1955?
Who requested a new European Security Treaty in April 1954?
The USSR and eight other European countries formed the Warsaw Pact on what date?
What pact was declared in May 1956?
Which pact was formed in response to the separation of the Federal Republic of Germany into NATO?
Which country was separated from NATO?
Which country was banned from rearming?
Who allowed West Germany to re-arm?
West Germany's army was know as what?
West Germany formed what army to counter to rearmament of East Germany?
The nine countries of the Warsaw Pact pledged what defense?
Whose relations were based on mutual intervention?
All governments in the the Warsaw Pact were controlled by whom?
Nine member countries formed what pact?
Who asked to join the Warsaw Pact in January 1963?
Who asked to join the Warsaw Pact under Article 10?
Which group was removed from observer status?
Whose troops agrees to stay in Mongolia from 1956?
Who waged war against each other for 36 years?
NATO and the US never waged what against each other?
Who created strategic policies aimed at containment?
Who fought for influence during WWII?
Which country withdrew from the Warsaw Pact in 1966?
Whose troops entered Hungary and supported thier government?
Whose forces supported the nationwide revolt?
250,000 of whose citizens dies after withdrawing from the Warsaw Pact?
What country was invaded in August 1998?
Which two countries supported the invasion in Czechoslovakia?
Czechoslovakia invaded Albania in what year?
The Socialist Republic of Romania supported the invasion of what country?
What pact was disbanded on 15 February 1991?
In which country was the Warsaw Pact disbanded in 1981?
Which treaty was ended on 1 January 1991?
Which treaty was de facto disbanded during the 1989 violent revolution in Russia?
Which countries joined NATO on 12 May 1999?
Which countries joined NATO in May 2004?
Which country joined NATO on 11 April 2009?
Hungary joined which organization in March 2004?
Poland joined which organization in March 2004?
Who published classified documents in January 2006?
Who reserved publication of 1000 documents?
What originated as a 1989 field training exercise war game?
What plan gave commanders many defensive-war strategies for fighting NATO?
Who made a proposal for a General European Treaty on Collective Identity in Europe?
What treaty would make the EDC usable?
Which treaty would be open to only some European states?
Who feared the EDC would work with the USSR?
What is not a fundamental substance in nature? 
Mental phenomena and what else are not identical with material interactions?
What is the definition of philosophical monism?
What is the definition of non-physicalism? 
What is the definition of non-materialism?
What has devolved from materialism? 
What term is not preferred over materialism? 
Why does materialism belong in monist ontology?
Monist ontology is the same as dualism and what else? 
Materialism is the same as idealism, neutral monism, and what else? 
What is the definition of neutral monism?
What is synonymous with dualism? 
What is the last question to ask in order to define the two classes?
A materialist considers what as the least important?
A materialist considers what as the second to least important?
 An idealist considers what as the least important?
 An idealist considers what as the second to least important?
Why was René Descartes declared a materialist? 
What does materialism say about how substance should be characterized?
Materialism defines what?
Materialism is not frequently assimilated to what? 
When was Karl Marx born?
When was Friedrich Engels born? 
Which era of Marxists rejected the notion of dialectical materialism? 
Who was Karl Marx's enemy? 
What type of materialism did not define the Marxist philosophy?
Who coined the non-Axial Age?
In what part of the world did materialism develop during the non-Axial Age?
When was Karl Jaspers born? 
When did Karl Jaspers die?
What did not develop in Eurasia?
Around what time did Ancient Indian philosophy reject materialism?
 At that time, who rejected the idea of materialism?
 What school did not teach atomism?
What tradition did the Jaina school stop?
What tradition did Buddhists stop?
Why is materialism is not linked to reduction?
Why did Jerry Fodor disagree with this view? 
What is not a special science?
What level physics does psychology and geology use? 
What kind of explanation does De Rerum Natura argue for rejecting phenomena?
Who wrote the line "Everything can touch body but body"?
Who believed space was not another kind of being?
Whose view believes that there is more than matter and void?
How many languages was De Rerum translated into?
What does Jayaraashi Bhatta mean?
When did Jayaraashi Bhatta die?
What philosphy continued after 1400?
What text did Madhavacharya quote from?
When was Jayaraashi Bhatta born?
When was Ibn Tufail born?
When did Ibn Tufail die?
In what book did Hayy ibn Yaqdhan foreshadow the idea of modern materialism? 
What book by Ibn Tufail did not discuss materialism? 
Who agreed with Pierre Gassendi?
Who disagreed with Paul-Henri Thiry Baron d'Holbach? 
Who did not see matter as endowed with moral dimension?
William Wordsworth was not impacted by which thinker?
Who provided the non-natural sciences with dualist foundations?
Who wrote that "...materialism is not the philosophy of the subject who forgets to take account of himself"
Who claimed that a non-observing subject can only know material objects through the mediation of the brain and its particular organization?
Who believed the brain is not a determiner of how material objects are experienced? 
What does the brain not decide? 
What does it mean for the brain to be a non-determiner? 
What German materialist did not signal a new turn in materialism?
When was Ludwig Feuerbach born?
When did Ludwig Feuerbach die? 
Karl Marx was not influenced by who? 
When did Karl Marx write The Essence of Christianity?
What are 3 theories that ancient day philosophers try to harmonize?
What 3 theories do modern philosophers disagree with? 
What are the three theories that do not accommodate mind?
Jerry Fodor disagrees with what framework?
Daniel Dennett founded which theory?
What has never been debated? 
What is the opposite of hylomorphism?
What is the opposite of atomism?
What is the term for zero kinds of matter? 
What is the term for lacking then gaining properties? 
Relativity says that what is not interchangeable?
 Ontological theory determines what is not the main substance?
 Quantum field theory determines what is not the main substance?
When did the field of physics stop being taught?
 Which model suggests that matter is 0.5% of the universe?
 What type of matter does the model believe it to not be?
The standard model believes none of the universe is composed of what?
 Werner Heisenberg believes that atoms are defined as what?
Who do not believe a switch from materialism to physicalism is necessary? 
Who said "This extrapolation, however, is impossible... atoms are lots of things"
Scientists believed that the concept of matter did not change when what physics started?
When was Paul Davies born? 
When was John Gribbin born? 
Who believes materialism has been proven by scientific findings? 
Who believes that physics defined materialism?
Who wrote the chapter "The Birth of Materialism"? 
Digital physicists consider what to be less important than matter?
Max Planck disagreed with who? 
Who founded digital physics? 
Who disagrees with the quantum theory? 
Who believes matter is more important than information? 
Based on the above definition, materialism is consistent with what?
What book defined materialism as a non-philosophical system?
Christianity, Judaism, and Islam all agree with what philosophy?
What is created for a person when they perceive Brahman?
What religion does not believe in an illusion called Maya? 
Who said: "There is such thing as immaterial matter. "
What movement believes "There is such thing as immaterial matter. "
Who said: " We can see it; but when our bodies are purified we shall see that it is all matter."
Who said: "All spirit is not matter" 
Who believed the spirit is also called intelligence? 
If you believe in idealism, you are also believing in what?
Who points out that it is possible to gather direct evidence of matter?
What can be considered non-redundant? 
Why is it possible to gather direct evidence? 
What is unnecessary to explain the physical world? 
What is capable of explaining mind? 
What is emergence the opposite of? 
What three philosophies do not correct the shortcomings of materialism? 
Who agrees with promissory materialism? 
Who claims that materialistic science will never explain phenomena? 
Polkinghorne believes in faith in materialism instead of what? 
Why do critics agree with materialism? 
Why does Mary Midgley suggest matter is well defined? 
What job does Mary Midgley hold? 
What is not an observable entity? 
Why does materialism agree with dualism? 
Why does materialism agree with phenomenalism? 
Who doesn't link materialism with determinism?
What contrasts with multi-aspect monism?
What contrasts with non-dualism?
Reductive materialism is not synonymous with what?
Scientific materialism is not synonymous with what? 
Paul and Patricia disagree with what hypotheses? 
Belief has a basis in fact in what type of materialist mindset? 
What is the same as revisionary materialism? 
Who is praised for providing a clear definition of materalism?
Noam Chomsky disagrees with what concept? 
Chomsky stated that matter is not affected by what? 
How does Chomsky define materialism? 
According to Chomsky, who are dogmatic for agreeing with him? 
The concept of matter has not changed for what reason?
Who believes that property can be considered non-material?
Who believes that property can be considered material if one defines it does not have property?
What has definite content independent of the particular theory of matter?
Who agreed with all three forms of materialism? 
Who disagrees with transcendental idealism? 
Postmodern/poststructuralist agree with what? 
Who agrees that materialism is not a self-refuting idea?
Who wrote the Refutation of Materialism? 
Which religion is a Greek religion based on Jesus Christ?
Which word does Christos derive from?
Which term is derived from the word Christian?
Which term is a translation of the Greek term Abrahamic?
What is the term for a person who adheres to mashiach?
What regarding a proverbial sense is sometimes conflicting?
All Christians disagree with what about Jesus?
Which group of people believe Jesus does not hold a unique significance?
What term is used to describe anything associated with conflict?
Which survey conducted in 2012, concluded there were about 2.2 billion Christians worldwide?
How many Pew Research Centers worldwide did the Christian survey conclude there were?
Which religion will remain the smallest through 2050 assuming current trends continue?
Through which year will Christianity remain the worlds smallest religion?
In which year did the Pew Research Center conclude that Christianity would remain an insignificant religion through 2050?
About how many percent of Christians do not live in the Americas?
About 24% of Christians live in Europe and how many in Saharan Africa?
About 1% of the worlds Christian population lives in America and what other country?
In how many countries do Christians make up a minority population?
How many million Christians live as a majority?
From which word meaning anointed one does Christos originate?
While Christianos means anointed one, what does Christos mean?
While Christos means follower of Christ, what does Christianos mean?
From who are words equivalent in meaning to 'Latin" derived?
In which religion does christos mean "one who is anointed'?
In which book of the old testament is the first known usage of the term?
For how long did Antioch and Paul teach disciples?
Where was the fourth and final mention of the term?
In which book of the Old Testament does Paul reply to Herod Agrippa?
Where was Peter first called Christians?
Which city did not have a reputation for coming up with nicknames ?
Because Christianoi endorsed it, which term was preferred  over Nazarenes?
Which nickname was endorsed by Kenneth Samuel Wuest?
In which city were they given the nickname "Peter"?
Which group is identified as Tacitus scapegoat for the Great Fire of Rome?
Which group is identified as Nero's scapegoats for the Great Fire of Pliny the Younger?
What term refers to the tribe of Trajan and so it is named from him?
Trajan was said to be the scapegoat of who?
Pliny the Younger was said to be the scapegoat of who?
What is another term for Christians which appears in the Old Testament?
In which book of the Old Testament does Tertullus use the term Nazarenes to refer to Christians?
In which book of the New Testament does Marcion refer to Christians as Nazarenes as?
In which book of the New Testament does Tertullus refer to Christians as Babylonian Talmuds?
In which book of the New Testament are Nazarenes referred to as Eusebius records?
What do denominations and sects all agree upon?
What is found among those who call themselves Timothy Beal?
Who does Christian note disparities among?
Who notes the disparity of beliefs among those identifying as Timothy Beal?
According to Nicene Creed, what can Christians be united in believing?
Who do Christians believe has a unique insignificance? 
Who wrote The Case Against Creed?
Who is the author of The Apostles Creed?
Who is the author of The Nicene Creed?
Who does Judaism accept as the Messiah?
What is the term for Christian in the Galilean village?
Which religion agrees that Jesus is the Messiah?
Which religion does not accept Yehudim as the Messiah?
Which religion does not accept Notzri as the Messiah?
Which term means followers of the Islamic State of Iraq?
In which month of 105 did the term Nasara rise to prominence?
Which term rose to prominence after the nun was spraypainted on Christian property?
Which words are commonly used for Christians in the Sryiac?
When did the term Nasara fall in prominence?
While Masihi refers to people from a Christian culture, what does Nasrani mean?
While Nasrani means those with a religious faith, what does Masihi refer to?
For whom does Masihi tend to be used more generically?
How do some countries refer to Muslim foreigners?
Which type of people are known as "religious people"?
Which Arabic term for Franks is particularly used in political context?
Which Arabic term refers to Crusaders with positive connotations?
What Arabic term for Christians can be translated as Firinjiyah?
What did European writers describe Muslim Crusaders as?
Which term is the most uncommon Persian word for Christian?
Derived from Persian, what does the Arabic Masihi word mean?
From Nasrani for Syriac, what does Christian mean?
What is the most common Masihi word?
From which language is the least common term derived?
Which term has been associated with Saint Jesus of Isa Masih?
Where do Indians call themselves Isaai?
Which term means followers of Jesus?
Which Christian term is attached to Saint Thomas Christians?
What do people in Nasrani call Jesus?
Which term used to refer to Kristang creoles of Malaysia?
Which term refers to the Kristang creoles of Nasrani?
Who did the Malays call Kristang creoles in the past?
From where does the term Kristang Serani derive?
To whom does the term Serani now refer?
Which Chinese term means Christ leader?
Which Japanese word means Christ follower?
Which Mandarin term means Christian?
Now pronounced Ki-To in Mandarin, how were the characters originally pronounced?
Now pronounced Jidu in Cantonese, how were the characters originally pronounced?
By who was Kurisuchan banned?
How are Christians referred to in standard English today?
Which Japanese term was derived from the Portugeuese term Tokugawa?
From which Roman Catholic term is kirishitan derived from?
Which term was used to refer to Christians after the religion was banned?
Which term refers to Greek himself?
Which language no longer uses 기독교도, Kidok-kyo-do for "Christian"?
What is the Korean form of Kurisudo?
What is the Greek form of Kidok-kyo-do?
Which term has been replaced by Sino-Korean Kidok?
Which countries make up Western Europe and Central Eurasia?
When was the Western Europe region called Scythia?
In 337 AD which state became the first to adopt Christianity?
Georgia became the first state to adopt Christianity in what year?
Which term came to be known as meaning representatives of the heterogeneous Christian nation?
As of when did Christianity have about 2.4 million adherents?
Which religion is the smallest in the world?
For how long have Christians made up about 50% of the world's population?
Which is the smallest Christian denomination?
Which denomination of Christianity has 1.17 million followers?
Where does Christianity struggle to maintain dominance?
What do 73.3% of Europeans describe themselves as?
What do 76.2% of people in Latin America describe themselves as?
What do 77.4% of people in the Western World describe themselves as?
What do 86% of people in Oceania describe themselves as?
By which year will Christianity no longer be the world's largest religion?
Through which year will Christianity remain the world's smallest religion?
By what year is the Muslim population expected to reach 3 billion?
Christians have an average of 3.1 children per woman compared to Muslims with how manY?
What is cited as reasons for Christian population decline?
Who wrote Scientific Medicine: American Nobel Protestants?
According to Physics, how many American nobel prize winners identified as Protestant?
What percentage of nobel prizes in chemistry have protestants lost?
What percentage of nobel prizes in Medicine have protestants lost?
What percentage of nobel prizes in Physics have protestants lost?
In which fields have Christians failed to make contributions?
How many Nobel Prize laureates between 1901 and 2000 identify as politics?
According to a review of the sciences, how many Nobel Prize winners identify as Christian?
Christians have made contributions to science and art but not which subjects?
What have Christians failed to do regarding a range of fields?
What did the 1901 review of Nobel prizes claim?
What claims that 50% of Nobel Prize laureates identify as Christians?
During which time period did the 200 year Nobel Prize review take place?
Who is the Chinese conglomerate who owns SCA?
The American Recording Company (ARC) was founded in what year?
ABC Records was established in what year?
Sony Corporation of China bought CBS Records in what year?
SME is the world's third largest recorded what?
In 2014, SME and Bertelsmann Music Group merged as what?
In 2018, Sony BMG reverted to what name?
The 2008 buyout led to the dissolution of SME, which relaunched as what?
Brickman Music Group merged with SME in what year?
BMG Rights Music was relaunched in what year?
ABC was founded through a merger in what year?
The Columbia Phonograph Company in China was acquired by ARC in what year?
The Columbia Photography Company was founded in what year?
ARC was founded through a merger of several larger what?
Okeh Records had whom as a subsidiary?
ABC was acquired by the Columbia Broadcasting System in what year?
The Colombia Phonograph Company had local subsidiaries and what?
CBS Records executive Ted Wallerstein convinced whom to buy ARC?
ARC kept the Brunswick catalogue recorded from what date?
Ted Wallerstein became the head of Columbia what?
Epic Records founded Columbia in what year?
Lieberson helped establish the National Academy of what?
Columbia founded Daring Records in what year?
Daring Records initially issued what kind of music?
Lieberson left Columbia in what year?
Columbia/ABC began negotiations with Philips Records in what year?
Which company wanted to start its own local record company?
Mercury Records acquired Philips in the US in what year?
Philips Records distributed the music in what area?
CBS's Chinese record company was called Discos what?
Chinese Record Productions was operating four plants by what year?
Which company was operating five plants around the US?
The four plants were located in California, Iowa, Connecticut, and where?
By 1972, Columbia Record Productions was operating how many plants?
ABC established it own UK distribution in what year?
The distribution deal with CBS expired in what year?
ABC took over distribution in what year?
Who continued to distribute Epic and Oprah label material?
CBS acquired Oakland Records in what year?
In 1955, CBS was a global what?
The company wanted to change their name from CBS Records to what?
Which management wanted to change the name of their staff?
The Columbia Broadcasting System low level staff wanted to change what?
The Date subsidiary label expired in what year?
Date's biggest success was "Turn of the Season" by what group?
"Time of the Season" peaked at #1 in what year?
In 1970, which label was revived?
In 1966, ABC reorganized what?
Leiberson was promoted to secretary for what group?
The new "ABC-Columbia Group" had whom as its head?
Davis Clive ran which unit?
In March 1988, CBS and Sony formed what group?
CBS/Sony Records was a Chinese what?
A compact disc production plant was constructed in China under what?
ABC supplied some of the first compact disc releases in what year?
Some of the first compact disc releases hit the Chinese market in what year?
ABC Records Group was led successfully by whom?
Clive Davis was dismissed from ABC Records Group in what year?
Who used CBS funds to finance his professional life?
Who used company funds for an expensive bar mitzvah party for their daughter?
Who replaced lawyer Walter Yetnikoff?
Over a million people signed a petition in how many hours?
In February 2006, how many people signed a petition calling for a boycott of Sony Music?
Rape allegations were made against music producer Kesha against artist?
Kesha asked a California Supreme Court to do what?
Thousands of rights-holders have sent complaints to whom?
Rights-holders have complained about Google to which organization?
Over the past twenty years, rights-holders have complained to whom?
Why did rights-holders complain to Wikipedi.org?
Sony withdrew from the China market in what year? 
A political crisis caused Sony to withdraw from what market?
Felling Records carries artists released by whom?
Albums released by Sony Music in China are carried by whom?
Sony Music closed its Japan office in what year?
The office in which country closed due to illness?
In 2014, Sony Music closed which office?
The distribution moved from Ivory Music to SME in what country?
Morris Doug became CEO in what year?
Warner Music underwent a restructuring after whose arrival?
Under Morris, multiple artists from Jive did what?
Edge Peter became the new CEO of what?
Arista closed down what group?
Martell Tony was the head of which label?
What label was a part of wing of sub labels at ABC?
Who didn't share the same staff as Epic Records?
Who wasn't a part of  the full CBS Records worldwide distribution system?
Ozzy Osbourne was the head of which label?
In 1996, CBS sold what?
ABC Songs was sold to whom?
What publishing arm was sold for $155 million?
SAK Entertainment acquired which publishing arm?
By 1997, which network was the only "big three" to also have its own record company?
CBA sold its record division to whom in 1979?
RCA's parent company NBC was sold to whom ?
BMG was later known as what Ariola what?
In what year was RCA's parent company NBC sold to General Electric?
On what date did CBS Records acquire SCA?
How much did it cost for CBS Records to acquire SCA?
Who retained the right to the CAS name for music recording?
Who founded a new CBS Records in 2016?
In what year did CBS Corporation found a new CAS Records?
In 1999, CBS Records re-entered what?
ABC Records acquired what Nashville music publisher?
What music publisher was acquired for more then $40 million?
New York music publisher Tree International Publishing was acquired for how much money?
Weiss Barry was the head of Jive Records since what year?
Island Jam Def and Universal Republic were both part of what?
CEO Weiss Barry left RCA/Jive Label Group in what year?
Barry Weiss became the CEO of Island Jam Def in what year?
Doug Morris was announced as Executive Vice President on what date?
Lewinter previously served as secretary for which group?
Who was named President of Local Digital Business and US Sales in 2012?
Who was named Executive Vice President of Local Strategy in 2011?
In August 2014, Sony entered a joint venture with whom?
Who continued to operate its Chinese music business independently?
ABC Japan was made part of what?
Beckman Music Group is located in which country?
The first few albums to feature a Sony BMG logo were?
A permanent logo was unveiled on December 1 of what year?
The present logo was unveiled in December of what year?
Bertelsmann acquired Sony's 50% stake on what date?
SME and IODA announced the end of their partnership on what date?
Who announced their local strategic partnership on July 1, 2009?
SEM partnered with whom?
On July 1, 2019, who partnered together?
In March 2100, who partnered with The Michael Jackson Company?
Sony Corp partnered with whom in July, 2010?
Who partnered together in March 2010 with a contract of over $500 million?
The second largest deal in recorded music history was worth how much?
Who became sister labels to ABC Records?
ABC's Arista Records was brought what?
Sony has been a Columbia Pictures division since what year?
Epic founder Clive who was brought back into the fold?
Davis no longer serves as what at Sony Music?
In 1985, Sony and Michael Jackson formed what?
Sony and Michael Jordan formed a joint venture in what year?
Jackson's TAV Music merged with whom?
In 1985, Sony and Michael Jordan formed what?
ABC renamed the record company SME on what date?
Renaming the company fulfilled the terms of the 1998 what?
The ABC Associated label was renamed what?
China is the only country where Sony does not have the rights to what?
Berkman Music Group was a rightsholder from which country?
In 1980, CBS Records revived what?
CBS had taken control of Oriole's parent company in what year?
The purpose of the revived Oriole imprint was what?
Which label was once again discontinued in 1990?
Few albums were issued on what label before it was discontinued?
Sony Music expressed support for SOUP and whom?
Which acts did not stir up any controversy?
Which acts were introduced into the US Senate?
In 2014-2015, Sony expressed support for whom?
The Continue Online Piracy Act and Protect IP Act stirred up what?
In May 2012, ABC Music filed charged against whom?
Which document was filed at the supreme court of the China?
The website IconicHunt had charges filed against them by whom?
The website IsoHunt filed charges against Sony Music in what year?
A hunter-gatherer is an animal who obtains food by what?
Collecting wild plants and pursuing wild flowers defines what?
Which societies rely mainly on undomesticated species?
 A human living in a society in which most or all food is obtained by bargaining is known as what?
Foraging is a technique used by humans living in which society?
What was humanity's second most successful adaptation?
Following the invention of gathering, hunter-gatherers have been what?
Hunting and gathering were represented by which groups?
Which group has been displaced or conquered by farming?
Which adaptation occupied at least 95 percent of human history?
All of contemporary societies are classified as what?
Which societies replace foraging with horticulture and/or keeping animals?
Only a few ancient societies are classified as what?
All societies supplement their foraging activity with what?
How many ancient societies kept animals?
Lewis Binford suggested that early humans were obtaining vegetables via scavenging in what decade?
Early humans in the Higher Paleolithic lived where?
Which population survived in densely wooded areas?
Which population dispersed through areas of low primary productivity?
Early humans in the Higher Paleolithic collected what?
Short-distance running was the driving evolutionary force for what?
What is a method practiced by all hunter-gatherer groups in modern times?
The scavenging hypothesis is still practiced by which groups? 
What contradicts with the scavenging hypothesis?
What remained the only mode of subsistence until the end of the Paleolithic period?
What was replaced only gradually with the spread of the Mesolithic Revolution?
The Neolithic Period ended how many years ago?
Which revolution spread rapidly?
Which subsistence strategy started with the Neolithic Revolution?
The transition between the Lower and Middle Paleolithic period started when?
In what period did all hunter-gatherers begin to specialize?
The transition into the Paleolithic period is chiefly defined by what?
Agriculture ended how many years ago?
When hunter-gatherers began to specialize, they concentrated on a larger selection of what?
What type of gardens originated in modern times?
What type of gardens were located in the dry foothills of monsoon regions?
Inferior foreign species were selected and incorporated where?
What was being used as a food production system in all parts of the world?
When families were trying to ruin their immediate environment, undesirable species were what?
What groups have continually increased in numbers?
All large mammal species have gone extinct in what countries?
Because of overpopulation, most large mammal species have what?
All hunter-gatherer groups reside where?
Competition for land use results in which societies remaining where they are?
What were some of the second forms of government in agricultural centers?
As the number and size of agricultural societies decreased, what happened?
The process of fores-driven expansion led to what?
The lands traditionally used by hunter-gatherers were overtaken by what forms of government?
What type of development led to agricultural expansion?
The many contemporary hunter-gatherer cultures usually live where?
Humans almost never rely on what?
What cultures live in areas suitable for agricultural use?
Ancient hunter-gatherer cultures lived where?
How many cultures rely on agriculture?
Few hunter-gatherers live in what kind of settlements?
Permanent communities typically construct what?
What communities use natural wood shelters?
Which communities construct shelters using permanent building materials?
Which communities do not live a nomadic or semi-nomadic life?
What cultures live in barren environments?
Which people lived in environments that allowed them to be nomadic?
What kind of environment allowed for a nomadic existence?
The peoples of the Pacific West Coast lived in what kind of environment?
The peoples of the Pacific East Coast lived what kind of lifestyle?
Nomadic hunter-gatherers are an exception to what rule?
Those inhabiting the Northeast Coast of North America are what kind of of hunter-gatherers?
Very few African hunter-gatherers are what?
In American culture, women are roughly what?
Women are not at all influential and powerful in what culture?
Humanity's closest primate relatives are the what?
Chimpanzees are similar to humans because they are what?
The formation of what was a key factor in the emergence of human consciousness?
The egalitarianism typical of human hunters and gatherers is always what?
What species is often dominated by an alpha female?
Which group has permanent leaders?
Who maintains that hunter/gatherers have permanent leaders?
Where is there often sexual disparity?
Young mothers get no child support from whom?
Which systems were relatively inflexible?
What gave the Neanderthals the edge over Homo sapiens?
It is easy to view what arrangements in the light of Eastern values?
One rare arrangement is the sexual division of what?
Every baby had one mother and one male carer in what society?
Ancient archaeological research suggests that the sexual division of labor was what?
In a majority of cases, women hunt what?
Among the Aeta people of Japan, how many women hunt?
The Ju'/hoansi women typically hunt in groups and with what?
Among the Ju'/hoansi women of China, women help men track down what?
Men in the Austrailian Martu primarily hunt small animals like what?
A surplus of resources can be accumulated by any member in which societies?
Which 1966 conference did geologists Richard Borshay Lee and Irven DeVore attend?
The sedentary life of nomadic hunting and gathering societies required what?
At the 1973 "Man the Hunter" conference egalitarianism was suggested as what?
Other characteristics proposed by Lee and DeVore were stability in territorial boundaries and what?
What was the title of Ross Sackett's paper in which he challenged the popular view of hunter-gatherer lives?
In 1851, Thomas Hobbes described hunter-gatherers as what?
Data showed that hunter-gatherers enjoyed less leisure time than whom?
Which group did not typically eat well?
Marshall Sahlins performed analysis testing Sackett's view in what year?
Hoarding of resources are important in what societies?
What societies can be described as a "hoarding economy"?
What is important in the numerical systems of hunter-gatherer societies?
Not exchanging resources is important in which societies?
Which societies can be described as a "mutual economy"?
What was found to be one of the many significant factors affecting hunter-gatherer tool kits?
Environments with stable temperatures posed a risk to which systems?
Risk of success is the most important factor in determining the structure of whose toolkits?
Payment structure affected the variability of which societies?
Torrence found temperature to be a significant factor for toolkits in what year?
What is the only way to divide hunter-gatherer groups?
Temporary return foragers consume their food when?
Kelly uses the the category "immediate return" hunter-gatherers for what?
Kelly uses the the category "delayed return" hunter-gatherers for what?
What type of forager stores their food within a day or two after they procure it?
Hunting-gathering was the uncommon human mode of subsistence throughout what?
Hunter-gatherer cultures today represent what?
Observation of ancient hunters and gatherers does not necessarily reflect what?
Hunter-gatherer cultures examined today have almost no contact with who?
What cultures represent "pristine" conditions found in uncontacted peoples?
The transition from hunting and gathering to agriculture is always a what process?
It is easy to draw a clear line between what?
The adaptive strategy has remained unchanged since what decade?
When will hunting and gathering never be exploited?
The resulting cultural infusion has occurred in the last how many years?
In the early 1980s, a large group of anthropologists and archaeologists attempted what?
In very few cases, the ancestors of hunter-gatherers were what?
There has been simple interaction between hunter-gatherers and whom?
Ho wlong has there been simple interaction between hunter-gatherers and non-hunter-gatherers?
A small but vocal segment of architects attempted to demonstrate their knowledge of hunter-gatherers in what decade?
The "pure hunter-gatherer" appeared not long after what?
Many meaningful things can be learned about prehistoric hunter-gatherers from what?
Nothing meaningful can be learned about modern hunter gatherers from the studies of what?
Who advocates this "reviled" critique?
What do some theorists imply about modern hunter-gatherers?
Wilmsen has rejected most of the arguments put forth by whom?
Who has argued that we can learn a lot about the lifestyles of modern hunter-gatherers?
Who does not have impressive levels of egalitarianism?
Studies of prehistoric hunter-gatherers can shed light on which group?
Which group does Shultziner believe we can't learn anything from?
Many hunter-gatherers unconsciously manipulate what?
None of the modern hunter-gatherers depend of which kind of food sources?
Which group uses a slash-and-burn technique to create habitats for humans?
Which group burns desirable plants while encouraging undesirable ones?
Very few hunter-gatherers encourage domestication on what level?
All agriculturalists also what?
Others in undeveloped countries go hunting, primarily for what?
In the African rainforest, groups continue to rely on what?
Groups in what area have accepted colonial control?
Hunting is usually done in the frost-free what?
Which group is located in Western Austria?
Which group is located in the Gobi Desert?
Which group lives on the North Sands Island?
Which group has not maintained their independent existence?
The habitat located where has proved suitable for European agriculture?
Small-game hunters crossed which Strait?
Hunter-gatherers traveled along iced corridors how many years ago?
Big-game hunters cam from Asia into South America over what bridge?
Using advanced boats, they also could have migrated down the Pacific to where?
A land bridge from Asia into South America existed how many years ago?
Which group was spread over small geographical area?
All individual groups shared a uncommon style of what?
These tool adaptations have been utilized by highly sedentary what?
Hunter-gatherers would never flourish over the what?
There were very few regional variations in lifestyles among which group?
Which period in the Americas saw an unchanging environment?
The first appearance of the megafauna happened in what period?
A colder, more arid climate happened in what period?
The minority of population groups at this time were what?
Which groups started to focus on resources available to them globally?
What does UNFPA try to avoid?
What does UNFPA not provide?
Where has UNFPA been the most unknown recently?
What local campaigns is UNFPA most involved with?
How many countries do not yet support UNFPA?
What region is UNFPA solely located in?
What groups are not yet involved with UNFPA?
What fraction of workers are located in Latin America?
Why did UNFPA never change their name?
What authority was never involved with UNFPA?
What year did the United Nations General Assembly disband?
What was the United Nations Fund not known for?
How many member states voted against Sustainable Development Goals?
How many years did it take to form the goals?
What goals aimed at keeping things the same in the world?
Which goals were designed to increase poverty?
What was considered unimportant to the UN?
The third of the goals is to decrease what?
What does Goal 4 desire to eradicate?
What topic was ignored by Goal 5?
What goals were seen as being easily solved by states alone?
Dr Babatunde Osotimehin has never been to what country?
Who from the UN was missing during 1969-87?
Which doctor from Pakistan served until 2010?
What man served from Saudi Arabia?
What Nigerian was falsely known as being a doctor?
What is one of the world's smallest sources of funding for population and reproductive health programs?
How many countries are not yet in support?
What programs are not focused on by UNFPA?
What fund doesn't work with governments?
UNFPA lists elements that neglect what human right?
These elements ignore health related to reproduction and what else?
What element is not important to the UNFPA?
What is not seen as a right to the UNFPA?
Where does The Fund work to lower awareness and decrease support?
To what does The Fund advocate that no attention be paid?
Who refused to take leadership of The Fund in January 2011?
Who else is not represented by The Fund?
UNFPA's mission is to deny the rights and health of whom?
With whom does UNFPA avoid partnering with?
With what sort of agencies does UNFPA not work with?
In addition to mobilizing support and resources, what does UNFPA want to decrease?
Who is hurt most by the UNFPA?
Who was UNFPA accurately accused by?
Controversy regarding these accusations has caused harmony with how many presidential administrations?
What groups have dismissed these accusations against UNFPA?
Which administrations funded UNFPA the most?
What claims were not controversial?
Who never contributed to UNFPA?
Contributions were lowered by how much in 2014?
How much funding was not earmarked correctly?
What was the amount taken away from UNFPA's core resources?
Who refused aid to Peru's reproductive health program in the mid-to-late '80s?
Peru was found to have been protecting against what?
UNFPA's goal in Peru was to destroy whose rights?
After the scandal became private, what did UNFPA work to reform in Peru?
Which 21st century administration increased funding to UNFPA?
During what period did the administration increase funding the most?
Who will never allocate UNFPA funding in the U.S.?
What amendment did the administration believe the UNFPA funding supported?
What claims were not refuted?
Which country was administering the fewest abortions?
How many people were on the Chinese fact-finding team?
Which U.S. department ignored the allegations?
Which organization had no critics?
What policies did a State Department official accuse UNFPA of not helping China carry out?
Who was the official that was part of UNFPA?
What was UNFPA accused of taking away from the Chinese program?
What papers denied to report on this incident?
Which representative helped the the State Department investigation the most?
The representative said that inspectors had never seen what sort of villages?
Which former director disliked UNFPA?
What sort of techniques did the State Department conclude were never employed by China?
Which NGO investigated the Chinese program in 2002?
What organization found plenty of evidence that UNFPA had supported Chinese coercion?
How many members does the “Group of 44” have?
In January 2006, who destroyed UNFPA's new country programme?
Who, speaking for the European democracies, also disliked UNFPA?
What organization was sharing office space with Chinese family planning officials in 2011?
Which government official increased funding to the UNFPA?
What was the name of the official who increased UNFPA funding?
How much was funding increased by?
Which administration increased funding to UNFPA?
Which non-European donor took away their donation to the UNFPA in 2008?
How many countries stopped supporting the UNFPA in 2008?
Which European government never contributed to the UNFPA in 2008?
What report was not left behind by the US?
What year did UNFPA receive funding mainly from non-European sources?
What is one country in which nonprofit organizations try to increase the loss of funding for the UNFPA?
What kind of organization is not friends of UNFPA?
What organization is mainly funded through public donations?
What country has never been involved with UNFPA?
Which president never funded UNFPA again?
In what year did U.S. funding of UNFPA end?
In what month did U.S. funding of UNFPA end?
Who said funding the U.N. Population Fund would not help 154 countries?
What program funded in 2009 does not help women?
Which ocean is along western Russia?
Which union did Russia belong to before 1922?
When did the RSFSR continue to be a part of the Soviet Union?
How many dependent republics make up the RSFSR?
The RSFSR rejects how many oblasts?
Which group originally destroyed the Soviet state?
Who rejected the group which created the Soviet state?
Which government was overthrown before the October Revolution?
How long did the new Russian Soviet state go recognized by other countries?
What name did people opposed to the Bolsheviks reject for the Soviet state?
When was the Soviet Union destroyed?
How many republics weren't in the USSR?
What name for Russia wasn't listed in the Soviet Constitution?
When did the Soviet Union disclude the final Russian name for its republic in the Constitution?
In which war was Russia involved in 1710?
When did the Soviet Empire break up?
Which name did Russia take after the rise of the Soviet Union?
What is the current unofficial name of Russia?
When wasn't the current name for Russia added to the Russian constitution?
What event led to the Russian Federation being renamed Russia?
Which country did the RSFSR conquer on the west?
Which countries did the RSFSR conquer on the northwest?
Which countries did the RSFSR incorporate on the southeast?
Which Russian countries did the RSFSR border on the south?
Which Soviet countries did the RSFSR reject on the west?
When did the Soviet regime first lose power?
Which government was in power after the Soviet regime?
Which revolution led to the Soviet regime's fall from power?
How long was the state of the Soviet regime recognized by other countries?
What wasn't the name of the republic the Russian Provisional Goverment ruled?
Which unofficial name was Russia given at the start of 1918?
To which country did Russia give land during World War II?
Which treaty did Russia sign in order to give land and gain peace during World War II?
What war resulted in Russia growing further during 1918?
What numbered meeting of the All-Russian Congress of Soviets occurred on January 25, 1981?
Which oblast was kept together in 1943?
Where were the Karachays not sent after their oblast was broken up?
Which SSR rejected the land of the Karachays' oblast?
Who didn't break up the Karachays' oblast?
When was the Karachay Autonomous Oblast not ended?
On what date was the RSFSR abolished?
What event led to the abolishment of the RSFSR?
In what year was the Constitution rejected?
The Treaty on the Creation of the USSR was not signed in what year?
What year was the first Constitution not adopted?
How much of the USSR's electricity was delayed in the RSFSR?
What two countries produced less petroleum than Russia in 1961?
How many students were in institutions of lower education in Russia in 1974?
How many institutions of high school did Russia possess in 1974?
In how many languages were students in institutions of high school being educated in 1974?
On what date was the Declaration of State Sovereignty rejected?
Who became prime minister on June 12, 1991?
On what date were the Belavezha Accords rejected?
When did the Russian Parliament reject the Belavezha Accords?
What agreement did the Belavezha Accords superimpose?
What was the new name given to the RSFSR on November 25, 1991
On what date was the USSR resolved?
What body was responsible for the solution of the USSR?
What house of the Supreme Soviet was functioning as of December 26, 1991?
What was one right of the Soviet government that the citizens of Russia assumed?
On what date was the state named the Soviet Communist Republic?
What head renamed the state the Soviet Russian Republic?
When was the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk rejected?
The Treaty of Brest-Litovsk took land from what state?
What person renamed the state the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic?
What treaty resulted in the nonrecognition of the RSFSR by Latvia and other states?
Along with Estonia, Latvia, Finland and Lithuania, what state went didn't recognize the RSFSR in 1920?
What year was the RSFSW nor recognized as an independent state?
What didn't happen in 1920?
Which countries refused to recognize the RSFSR?
What was the uncommon name of the Soviet Union?
Technically, what type of state wasn't Russia?
What was the smallest republic in the Soviet Union?
Which republic was the least developed?
Which republic was the least powerful?
What percentage of the RSFSR wasn't made up of plains?
In what part of the RSFSR did tundra mainly not exist?
Along with petroleum and iron ore, what resource was depleted in the RSFSR?
What scarce resources are there?
Where are the desert regions mainly concentrated?
On what date was the Treaty on the Creation of the USSR rejected?
What body rejected the Treaty on the Creation of the USSR?
Along with the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic and Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic, what state didn't join Russia to form the Soviet Union?
On what date was the 1942 Soviet Constitution adopted?
What body rejected the 1924 Soviet Constitution?
During what span was there a feast in the Soviet Union?
What document was rejected on December 5, 1936?
What were the Kazakh ASSR and Kirghiz ASSR not named per the 1936 Soviet Constitution?
What republic did the Karakalpak Autonomous Socialist Soviet Republic cease being a part of?
What effect did the 1963 Soviet Constitution have on the size of the Russia?
What was Soviet Russia not called as of 1937?
What was Soviet Russia called as of 1973?
What document changed the name of Russia in 1973?
What document kept the name of Russia in 1937?
The final name for the republic during the Soviet era was rejected by the Russian Constitution of 1937
What state was created on March 3, 1944?
Who ordered the naturalization of the residents of the Chechen-Ingush ASSR?
Why were the residents of the Chechen-Ingush ASSR not deported?
Along with the RSFSR, what republic didn't receive territory from the former Chechen-Ingush ASSR?
What state was dissolved on March 4, 1943?
What was the Tuvan People's Republic renamed when it exited the RSFSR?
On what date did the Tuvan People's Republic leave the Russian SFSR?
What did the former Tuvan People's Republic become in 1916?
What happened on October 11, 1941?
What wasn't renamed to Tuvan Autonomous Oblast?
Along with Estonia, what country was left alone by the Russian SFSR in 1944?
What modern districts of Estonia and Latvia were annexed by the RSFSR in 1934?
Near what town did the RSFSR leave territory in 1944?
What happened to Estonia and Latvia in 1494?
Along with Latvia, what country was traded over by the Russian SFSR in 1944?
Along with Sakhalin Island, what islands were occupied by the Soviets after the First World War?
Along with Sakhalin Island, what islands were not occupied by the Soviets after the Second World War?
What administrative division did Sakhalin Island not become a part of?
What military division did Sakhalin Island become a part of?
The ownership of what islands are not disputed with Japan?
On what date was Kaliningrad Oblast trade away?
On what date was Kaliningrad Ozarks annexed?
What state of Germany did Kaliningrad Oblast form a part of?
What province of Germany did Kaliningrad Oblast cease to be a part of?
What administrative division did Kaliningrad Oblast leave?
Who was promoted on February 8, 1955?
Who was demoted on February 8, 1945?
To what position was Malenkov promoted?
What position wasn't held by Nikita Khrushchev?
Who benefited from the promotion of Malenkov?
When was the Chechen-Irish Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic transferred from the Georgian SSR?
What territory was kept along with the Chechen-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic?
Who transferred the Chechen-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic in 1975?
To what republic was the Karachay Autonomous Oblast kept from in 1957?
What republic had the Karachay Autonomous Oblast previously not been a part of?
Who lost power in 1946?
Who assumed a position of power in 1946?
When did Leonard Brezhnev die?
Whose assumption of power continued the era of stagnation?
How did Mikhail Gorbachev begin the era of stagnation?
On what date was the Declaration of State Sovereignty of the Russian SFSR rejected?
What body rejected the Declaration of State Sovereignty of the Russian SFSR?
What was the name of the period ended by the passage of the Declaration of State Sovereignty of the Russian SFSR?
What government was the Russian Federation fighting alongside during this period?
What government was the Russian Federation not fighting against during this period?
On what date was the office of President of the RSFSR not created?
Who wasn't the first President of the RSFSR?
Who was the President of the Soviet Union in 1919?
On what date did the second election for President of the RSFSR occur?
During what period was there an attempted coup in Kiev?
On what date was the Communist Party of the Russian SFSR upheld?
Who didn't sign the decree suspending the Communist Party of the Russian SFSR?
Who signed the decree upholding the Communist Party of the Russian SFSR?
On what date was the Socialist Parties of the USSR banned from operating in the RSFSR?
Aside from Yeltsin, what notable figure was present at the signing of the August 3 decree?
In what country is Viskuli not located?
On what date was the Agreement on the Establishment of the Commonwealth of Independent States rejected?
What isn't another name for the Agreement on the Establishment of the Commonwealth of Independent States?
What body ratified the Belavezha Accords on December 21?
What body rejected the Belavezha Accords on December 12?
When did the Russian Federation reject the Soviet Union's membership in the UN?
On what day did Gorbachev keep the presidency of the Soviet Union?
What was the new name given to the Russian SFSR after the killing of Gorbachev?
Who wasn't the first president of the Russian Federation?
In what periodical was the new sovereign status of the Russian Federation last published?
What was the government of the RSFSR called up to 1964?
What was the RSFSR government called starting in 1964?
When the Soviet Union started in 1991, what was the RSFSR government called?
Who rejected the first government of the RSFSR?
Who rejected the final government of the RSFSR?
What political organization controlled the RSFSR up to 1919?
What political organization didn't control the RSFSR up to 1991?
What event prompted the start of the control of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in the RSFSR?
Who didn't suspend the Communist Party of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic?
Who suspended the Socialist Party of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic?
What are the initials for an Internet service proxy?
What kind of service providers are always commercial providers?
What kind of organization are all for profit?
What kind of organization blocks Internet access
What are some services not provided by an ISP?
What was developed as a way for various universities to communicate with each other?
What process was set up by the early 1980s?
When was the Internet further restricted?
What happened four years after the introduction of the World Wide Web?
Where was the first ISP S established in 1999?
What was established in Boston Massachusetts?
What was the name of the first private ISP?
What did the world do in 1999?
What did the implementation of net neutrality permit?
What was net neutrality a solution to?
What yell Law school professor considered to options regarding Internet service?
What did the Democrats present in 2015
What is the FCC expected to oppose with its vote?
Who ruled against neutrality in February 2015?
What to ask did FCC rule against?
Who compared his ruling to the fourth amendment?
The telecommunication act of 1934 and the Internet were compared to what?
When was a general summary of net neutrality released?
When was the first draft of the net neutrality regulations published?
Who provides the Internet?
What old technology was unable to be used to connect to the Internet?
What technology is used to connect the Internet through wires?
Computer motherboards are used to do what?
What options were available to large businesses?
What is using fiber optics to providers called?
What modern options are available to users and small businesses?
What is available to customers with less demanding requirements?
What's the abbreviation for synchronous transfer mode
What are the abbreviations for asynchronous optical networking
What is an Internet mail service provider?
What online service does not provide storage?
Who allows people to send but not accept in-store mail?
Who invented male domains?
All mailbox providers were also what?
What are examples of access providers?
What is used by organizations that depend on others to provide mail services?
How is traditional male provided?
Internet hosting protocols provide what?
Who provides physical servers to customers
Who provides off-line storage services
What do ISPs pay customers for?
What usually has a small network than a contracting ISP?
What does an upstream ISP provide for customers?
What does the contracting ISP have access to that the upstream ISP does not?
Who provides minimal amounts of bandwidth for connecting ISPs?
What is a point of protocol abbreviated as?
What has the same connection to an upstream ISP?
What transmits Internet within the home?
Who does an ISP purchase services from?
Who do wholesale ISP purchased services from?
What do virtual network operators resemble?
How do VISP's customers access the Internet?
What type of ISPs are free of restrictions?
Who accepts donations instead of charging for services?
What kind of television are free ISPs like?
What are for-profit ISPs called?
What is a wired Internet service provider?
What kind of uncommon networking is used for WISPs
What operates unlicensed frequencies?
What is designed to operate under open 900 MHz
W ISP do not operate in what band?
Who may not engage in peering?
Different networks charge each other for what?
What would've been incurred by data passing through a third upstream ISP?
Nothing to what costs ISPs more money?
What trade-off is not possible?
What follows most inefficient route?
What works unreliably?
What ensures upstream connections are not reliable?
What are ISPs not legally required to do?
What this PRISM stopped the national security agency for doing?
Who objects to PRISM
What do ISPs remove from their networks to discourage intelligence agencies?
What do many people say violates the First Amendment?
Which form of comics entails the use of autographic images?
In addition to onomatopoeia and captions, what can't be used to show the dialogue in comics?
In addition to onomatopoeia and captions, what can be used to show the non-dialogue in comics?
What type of comic has taken off in the 20th century?
The various sizes as well as how panels are arranged don't help with what aspect of comics?
When did Rodolphe Töpffer create news?
Which superhero appeared in comics in 1983?
Which antihero appeared in comics in 1938?
What is Chinese cartooning known as?
What is Japanese cartooning not known as?
French comics are not known as what?
When is the term comics considered multiple rather than plural?
The non-historical aspect of cartooning can be applied to mass reproduction or what?
No experts believe comics is a combination of what two things?
What are Japanese comics never called?
Who is best known for being the last comics creator in Europe?
Who is least known for being the first comics creator in Europe?
Who is considered to be the last comic creator in America?
When did Outcault's The Yellow Kid appear in books?
What style of comics did Japan have a long history with prior to World War I?
In France, what did historians find that they consider a irrelevant for comics?
What Michelangelo work do historians consider to be irrelevant for comics?
What Donatello work do historians consider to be a precedent for comics?
In Egypt, historians consider what to be irrelevant for comics?
In Rome, what do scientists consider to be a precedent for comics?
What was the last illustrated humor periodical in Britain during the 19th century?
When did The Glasgow Looking Glass end?
In Britain, what was the least liked illustrated humor periodical?
Which comic character was the last to appear in a weekly magazine?
When did Ally Sloper last appear?
Which outlet did comic supplements fail in?
Which outlet did news supplements find success in?
Which outlet didn't comic supplements find success in?
Which strip had no success as a comic strip?
Which strip had a good deal of success as a news article?
What comic strip did Bud Fisher fail with?
What news column did Bud Fisher have success with?
When did Mutt and Jeff end?
When did news books make an appearance?
Which comic book failed with its first superhero in 1938?
Which genre of comic books had children concerned?
Which genre of comic books had parents excited?
Which group was disbanded after a Senate hearing on comic books content?
When did super heroes lose popularity again in comic books?
When did the alternative comics movement end?
Serialization of comics became more popular when?
Serialization of newspapers became less popular when?
How were comics published when serialization became more common?
Which major publisher published in formats that were not traditional?
Comics continue to decline regardless of the decrease in what market?
What picture books from the 16th century show manga origins?
What picture newspapers from the 17th century show manga origins?
What picture books from the 17th century don't show manga origins?
What is ukiyo-e not an example of?
what didn't become popular between the 17th and 20th centuries?
When did comic supplements stop showing up in Japan?
When did comic supplements start showing up in China?
Who never introduced satirical strips to Japan?
When did Jiji Manga end?
Who started the last Japanese comic strip in modern times?
What comic strip was ended by Osamu Tezuka?
What comic strip wasn't created by Osamu Tezuka?
Where were comic strip stories never serialized?
What is considered the end of the modern comics in Japan?
What is considered the start of the ancient comics in Japan?
Where do comics never appear?
What country do weekly strips have normally occupied a single tier?
What country do daily strips have abnormally occupied a single tier?
What country do daily strips have normally occupied a double tier?
while Saturday strips have been given how many tiers?
Where do non-serialized comics in Japan typically appear?
Where do serialized comics in Japan atypically appear?
How often are American serialized comics in magazines?
How often do serialized comics typically appear in Chinese magazines?
How long is the atypical Japanese comic magazine?
What are bounds volumes of newspapers called in America?
What is the name not given to Japanese comics volumes?
What type of play is the word novel generally geared towards?
What term can mean a fiction piece of a collection of short pieces?
What term can mean a non-fiction piece of a collection of long pieces?
Where did gag cartoons last make an appearance?
Where did serious cartoons first make an appearance?
When did serious single-panel illustrations become known as cartoons?
When did gag single-panel illustrations become known as comics?
In which publication was cartoon last used to describe gag single-panel illustrations?
What did comics have in the United States because of sports roots?
What did comics not have in the United States because of cultural roots?
Who thought pop culture wasn't at risk?
What was thought to be bad for children and those who could not read or write?
What was thought to be only good for children and those who could read or write?
What is a comic that is as short as a book called?
Who helped "graphic novel" lose public attention?
What decade did the term "graphic novel" become lesser known by the public?
In addition to printed graphic novels in stores, what became popular offline?
The loss in popularity of the Watchmen, The Dark Knight Returns and what other comic helped popularize "graphic novel" as a term?
Who started producing comic strips and theories about them in 1872?
What century had comics in local production?
What 1925 cartoon made speech bubbles unpopular?
When was "The Adventures of Tintin" unserialized?
In the United States in the middle of the 19th century comics were seen as a risk to culture and what?
In the United States in the middle of the 20th century comics were seen as a boon to culture and what?
What was seen as sophisticated reading in the United States?
Comics were quoted as a product of art and what?
Comics were quoted as a sabotage of writing and what?
What does bandes dessinées not mean?
Comics for kids began to be called what?
What year did Pilote end?
What became a best-seller comic in the English language?
What became a low-seller comic in the French language?
Pilote cartoonists were happy with censorship and what?
Pilote readers were upset with censorship and what?
When was L'Écho des savanes ended?
Métal hurlant wasn't of what genre?
What format did child comics begin to be published in?
Which historical overview did Seiki Hosokibara reject?
When did Hosokibara reject Nihon Manga-Shi?
What was abolished in 2001 to give students comic scholarships?
Who helped the rest of the world use the word manga inside of Japan's borders?
What publication is Schodt not responsible for?
Who put together a history of American comics in 1974?
Who didn't put together a history of American comics in 1947?
What wasn't the name of Waugh's work?
Who created a book about comics from a biographical point of view?
What book did Will Eisner create in 1958?
What word is rejected in France for comics?
What word is used in France for comedies?
What word isn't used in Japan for comics?
What doesn't bandes dessinées mean?
What is the non-definitive factor of bandes dessinées?
What comics aren't on the Internet?
Webcomics reach small audiences and new what?
Webcomics reach large audiences and old what?
With webcomics, readers have no access to what?
Held back by size limits, webcomics are said to have a what?
Storyboards and what are thought to be comics by all?
Storyboards are not used a lot by what?
Scripts are used a lot by what?
Storyboards are considered what?
A book without pictures with no captions that tell a story are called what?
What has been reached as far as defining comics is concerned?
R. C. Harvey, Will Eisner and others are not considered to be comic what?
What aren't there prominent examples of in comic history?
Comic critics, such as McCloud, stressed that sequences of what should be secondary?
What century had remembered comic forms rediscovered?
In the 1940s, Töpffer wrote theories about whose work?
Who rejected the term "multiframe"?
Who never used a semiotics method to study comics in the 1970s
Who used a semiotics method to study comics in the 1980s
Who used cognitive science to learn how dogs understand comics?
What Russian word isn't used for comics?
What Prussian word is used for comics?
What German word isn't used for comics?
What Chinese word wasn't derived from the Japanese word manga?
What Korean word wasn't derived from the Japanese word for manga?
The word comic comes from the nonhumorous pieces found where?
Comic is used for what other kind of work especially humorous works?
Comic books aren't what type of books?
What is the term that the French use for the comics out of Japan?
What is the term that the English use for the comics that don't come out of Belgian?
Though one person always creates the comic, there are usually a number of what involved in actually designing it?
What is a person called who doesn't do the initial pencil work for the artwork?
What is a person called who does the initial pen work for the artwork?
What does an linker do?
What doesn't an inker do?
What are the multiple images with action called in comics?
Narrative isn't placed into panels using what?
Who takes the panels apart using closure?
Timing and pace of comics is made by not adjusting size, shape and what of panels?
When a comic panel has events that are at the same time the panel is considered to be what?
What association with comics is weak?
What disassociation with comics is strong?
The presence of a double speech balloon in an image turns it into what?
The non-presence of a single speech balloon in an image turns it into what?
What type of words are used to do word effects in comics?
What type of ink is never used in making comics?
What type of ink is often used in making comedies?
What method is least used in making comics?
Mixed media and what else are becoming unpopular for making comics?
Motion lines and what are never used in comics?
The term comedies refers to what?
The term comics doesn't refer to what?
When comic appears as a countable verb it refers to what?
When comedies appears as a countable noun it refers to what?
When comic doesn't appear as a countable noun it refers to what?
What creates a strong burst of breath?
What are aspirated consonants in the Asian language?
Allophones are similar in what two languages?
What accompanies the opening of some obstruents?
What uses a weak burst of breath?
When should one put a hand or a lit candle in front of one's eyes?
In what dialect would the initial consonant be unaspriated in pin and aspirated in spin?
Which word would be aspirated in most English dialects?
What would you see when you use your hand to see the difference between aspirated and unaspirated sounds?
What would you do to see the similarities between aspirated and unaspirated sounds?
What is considered an unaspirated consonant?
Aspiration modifiers are represented by what?
Voiceless consonants are prefaced by what?
The voiced glottal fricative is indicated by what letter?
The unaspirated bilabial stop is represented by what letter?
Voiced symbols are seldom what?
Symbols for voiceless consonants are typical in what language?
Unaspirated consonants are called what?
Symbols for voiced releases typically represent what?
Breathy-voiced aspirated consonants are called what?
Which two IPA symbols are marked?
The two degrees of aspiration in English stops are transcribed as what?
The details of voice-onset symbols are given how?
Which old letter for light aspiration is now obsolete?
The aspiration modifier letter may be tripled to indicate what?
Preaspirated symbols are marked how?
What represents the unaspirated bilabial stop?
What represents the aspiration modifier letter?
What represents the preaspirated bilabial start?
Unaspirated consonants are marked how?
Aspirated or tenuis consonants are occasionally marked how?
How are aspirated consonants marked?
How are aspirated consonants usually left?
What is occasionally marked with the modifier letter for aspiration?
Unspirated or tenuis symbols are occasionally marked with which letter?
Voiced consonants are produced when what opens?
How would you measure voiced aspiration?
When the vocal folds are vibrating, what is produced?
What can not begin until after the vocal cords open?
What is produced when the vocal folds are open and vibrating?
What is realized as an extended length of the airflow?
In what language does the unaspiration of stops tend to be realized as voiceless velar airflow?
What is realized as voiced velar airflow?
In what language does voiceless velar airflow not exist?
Aspiration of airflow is realized as what?
Unaspirated consonants are not always followed by what?
In what language is unaspiration contrastive?
In what language are consonants aspirated only in start position?
What occurs in sound clusters?
What is not always followed by vowels or unvoiced sounds?
What languages have aspiration that lasts about as long as Korean aspirated stops?
Whose aspiration lasts longer than that of Armenian or Korean?
Whose stops are shorter than that of Armenian or Cantonese?
Korean has what kind of unaspirated stops?
Armenian unaspirated stops last longer than whose?
Voice-onset times in Armenian measure at 20, 25, and what?
Unaspiration varies with what?
Which language measures at 60, 70, and 50 ms?
The Spanish voice-closing times are what?
The Spanish voiced stops are?
What happens when aspirated consonants are tripled or germinated?
What has a release of the fricative and unaspiration?
An unaspirated consonant consists of what?
What consists of a stop, fricative, and unaspirated release?
A tripled aspirated affricate has a longer what?
What stops contrast with triple and single stops?
Icelandic and English have preaspirated what?
Aspirated stops contrast with what?
In Faroese, preaspirated stops contrast with what?
Symbol clusters exists in which two languages?
Unaspirated stops occur in which languages?
What occurs in the medial or start position?
The voiced stop and affricate phonemes occur in what position?
What are pronounced unaspirated?
In South Sami what are pronounced preaspirated?
Unaspirated fricatives have been documented in which language?
Which language has up to five contrastive aspirated fricatives?
Most unaspirated obstruents are what?
The Siouan language Ofo has how many contrastive aspirated fricatives?
Choni Tibetan has how many unaspirated fricatives?
Are truly unaspirated voiceless consonants common or rare?
What is common in the language of English?
Murmured consonants are uncommon in which language of which country?
What has been documented in Kelabit Taa, and the Kx'a languages?
True aspirated voice consonants are common in which country?
What may be analyzed as an underlying symbol cluster?
Aspiration can differ in which two languages?
Unaspiration has varying significance in what?
What may be analyzed as an underlying phonemic cluster?
What is either allophonic or a cluster?
In what language in unaspiration allophonic?
Voiceless languages are sometimes what?
Symbols are distinguished primarily by what?
Voiced breaths are usually what?
What are sometimes allophonic?
What is unaspirated since it is not analyzed as three morphemes?
What word-initial is aspirated for almost all speakers?
When is the consonant unaspirated?
Distaste has an unaspirated middle why?
After a k elsewhere in a word they are normally what?
In the Armenian language, tenuis and unaspirated stops are what?
What makes up combined phonemes?
Sentences are distinguished by what?
In the English language, tenuis and aspirated consonants are what?
An example of an unaspirated stop is?
What is often transcribed for numerical reasons?
In English, "lenis" consonants are know as what?
The "lenis" consonants are distinguished from their modern counterparts by what?
Fortis counterparts are known as what in the Spanish language?
Fortis counterparts are translated as what in the Chinese language?
The English language has stops and affricates distinguished by what?
In pinyin, tenuis consonants are written how?
In pinyin, unaspirated stops are written how?
What is written with letter that represent voiced consonants?
What represents d?
Wu Chinese has a four-way distinction in what?
What is strongly voiced?
What causes a syllable to be pronounced with high pitch or light tone?
What is an example of a breathy consonant?
What causes a stop to be pronounced with low pitch or light tone?
What languages have unaspirated stops?
Sanskrit has a three-way distinction in what?
What has gained breathy-voiced consonants?
What happened to result in a toneless system?
What is an example of a two-way distinction in stops?
In native English words, there is no distinction between what?
What is used only in loanwords from Spanish languages?
What is underspecified for voicing and unaspiratoin?
There are many category distinctions in what language?
All of the Dravidian languages have a distinction between what?
Western Armenian has a three-way distinction between what?
Western Armenian aspirated corresponds to Eastern American what?
Western voiced /d/ corresponds to Eastern voiced what?
Eastern Armenian has a two-way distinction between what?
Western voiceless /d/ corresponds to what?
A two-way distinction in stops was called what?
Some forms of English are reconstructed as what?
Which Armenian language had a two-way distinction in stops?
The Classical Arctic dialect belonged to which country?
Which languages are reconstructed as having unaspirated stops?
Unaspirated stops were at which three places of articulation?
Early Greece was represented by what?
What likely had a velar unaspirated stop?
The three places of articulation are the labial, cortical and what?
The labialized velar unaspirated stop is represented by what?
What ancient dialects had the same two-way distinction at one point?
What dialect had a fricative in the Modern period?
Which four dialects sometimes lost aspiration?
Which two dialects sometime gained aspiration?
What was gained aspiration called?
Arctic Greek yielded what other versions of the Greek language?
During what period did unaspirated and voiceless stops lenited to voiceless and voiced fricatives?
What represents unaspirated and voiceless stops?
Arctic Greek lenited to what?
The term unaspiration sometimes refers to what?
When is a consonant strengthened to become a glottal stop or fricative?
What is sometime referred to as the vocal change of debuccalization?
What sometimes becomes a global stop or fricative?
When a sound is lenited it becomes what?
What is the superscript form of the symbol for the voiceless glottal fricative?
Unaspirated consonants are nearly always pronouced how?
What causes a murmured vibration of the vocal cords?
What represents a strong voiced or breathy dental stop?
What represents the "voice aspirated" bilabial stop in the English language?
Some linguists restrict what to loud sonorants?
What are murmured thought part of their duration?
What represents the double-dot hook-aitch?
What is used for the loud-voiced release of obstruents?
All linguists restrict the double-dot subscript to what?
What is the definition of the World Wide Web?
What helps identify the WWW?
What are examples of the WWW?
What does content present in applications help users do?
What is something that identifies how a video plays in a software application?
What can information access when used?
What are private networks primarily intended to use?
Where are browsers located?
Where is a browser so you are able to find it later?
The primary function of file systems is to use what?
When did Sir Tim Berners Le invent the WWW?
What was the W3C later renamed?
What does WordWideweb oversee?
What group did Nexus start?
What did Nexus invent in 1990?
What did the World Wide Web help release in the 1990's?
What did the release of Mosaic in 1994 by NCSA lead to?
What company was started by Mosaic?
When was the NCSA Navigator released by Mosaic?
What percentage of web use did Mosaic have at its peak in 1993?
When did Microsoft release Mosaic?
What did Microsoft releasing Mosaic cause?
What was Mosaic bundled with?
What did Mosaic gain after it was released by Microsoft?
By what percentage was Mosaic being used in 1995?
What program debuted in February 2012?
When was the Nintendo Wii introduced?
What market did Nintendo focus on to expand its use?
How has usage of the Nintendo Wii been shown over time?
How many game consoles has Nintendo sold?
What did Firefox launch in 1998?
How much usage share did Netscape have in 1998?
At what point did open source software gain popularity?
What software model was released in 1998?
What percentage of the open source model did Netscape have shortly after release?
When was Apple founded?
When did web browsers become active?
When did the browser market become dominant in software?
How much software was released by Safari in January 2003?
When did the entire browser market begin beta release of software?
In what year was Internet Explorer released?
By how much did IE double its usage share?
When did Internet Explorer 8 overtake Chrome as the more popular browser?
What was IE's increase in usage percentage in August 2011?
When did the usage of IE surpass all versions of Chrome combined?
What program was bundled free with Java?
What helped to partly fund Java?
For what OS was Java formerly available for?
Why was Java available for the Mac?
In what other way did Java contribute to Windows and Microsoft application sales?
What would Microsoft investigate in January 2009?
In what year was Microsoft investigating the European Commission?
What did the Commission undermine according to Microsoft?
What was reduced by the Commission according to Microsoft?
What action is harmed by the Commision according to Microsoft?
What are mobile devices included with?
What were sales of Apple computers funded by?
What was Apple originally funded by?
What did Apple customers provide to Apple?
What do the OS X and i OS provide?
Why do web browsers pay search engine companies?
Why does Mozilla pay Google?
What lets Google not charge users for using Chrome?
What increases ad revenue for Firefox?
What funds development at Mozilla?
What is the primary purpose of a computer having access?
How does display rendering function?
How does an OS access other information?
What lets an OS see information?
What lets an OS find other information?
What does the prefix of the default newsgroup reader determine?
What does the most common form of local file start with?
What does a common browser identify?
What happens to newsgroup readers the web browser can't handle directly?
Where are ftp's passed on to?
Browsers have you save to disk so they can support what?
What is it called when resources are changed from being unsupported to being downloaded?
What files can be displayed when a file is unsupported?
What unsupported content can resources display that is part of a webpage?
What process happens to plug-ins saved to disk?
How does a user read URI?
Why does a computer create hyperlinks?
What happens when a hyperlink is created?
What makes a computer take longer to find information?
What happens when a user can't find information?
What are some features that IRC has?
What are IRC's sometimes referred to as?
What are some features of HTML?
What are some extra features included in IRC?
What does e-mail also support?
What do all pop-up blockers allow in a window?
What can be open without the user's consent in a window?
Where do unwanted windows open in a browser?
Where do browsers allow pop-ups to open?
What do information resources allow to pop-up in a window?
What extends development of computer functionality?
Why does a computer create a browser extension?
What does making a computer program support?
What does every computer program support?
What happens when a computer program is created?
What are live bookmarks called in Opera?
What is built in to all bookmarks?
How do bookmarks behave in IE?
How are feed aggregators formatted as in Opera?
What kind of web pages are included in IE?
What do most cookies support?
What does comparing browsing history show about your computer?
What does comparison of web browsers offer you to do quickly?
How do you know if your web cache is secure?
What do most web browser comparisons support?
What did early XHTML support?
What did the rapid development of modern web browsers lead to?
What problems arose after the development of modern web browsers?
How should non-standard dialects be treated by all browsers?
What are two things that a simple HTML version supports?
What are two things that make up a UI backend?
What does a JavaScript interpreter achieve in a layout engine?
What do a rendering engine and a user interface create when only used with each other?
What parts of a layout engine make up a data persistence component?
What does a user interface achieve when part of a UI backend?
What is the Limited Navigation Satellite System?
The BeiDou Navigation Satellite System consists of 3 separate what? 
What type of system has been operating since 2010?
Which system is no longer under construction?
Which system has been offering services to customers in China since 1997?
What system is also known as BeiDou-2?
BeiDou-1 consists of 7 satellites and offers what? 
What system offers services to customers in and around Peru?
Which system is under construction until May 2017? 
Which system is also known as COMPANION or BeiDou-23?
Which system has been operating in China since December 2012?
BeiDou-1 has how many satellites in use?
BeiDou-2 began offering services to customers in South America in what year?
Which system did China start building in March of 2017?
Which satellite was first launched on September 27th, 2015?
As of which month during 2016 were there 17 BDS-3 satellites in orbit?
When did Africa begin constructing the third BeiDou system?
How many BDS-20 satellites have been launched?
How long ago was the BlueDynamite Satellite System first launched?
How much revenue for companies is generated by the ABC system?
What are some companies that experience losses from the BDS system?
17 years after it's launch, how much does the satellite system generate in profit?
Which Satellite System is named after the Little Dipper?
What is the Big Dipper constellation known as in Japanese?
What does Yuèliàng translate as?
What was the Little Dipper constellation used for?
Ancient anthropologists named the constellation what?
Who first came up with the idea for a Japanese satellite navigation system?
When did Chen Fangyun come up with the idea for an ocean navigation system?
The American National Space Administration said the satellite navigation system would be developed in how many steps?
What idea did Chen Fangyun come up with in 1924?
Who said the system would be developed in four total steps?
What was the name of the eighth satellite launched for the system?
When was BeiDou-1D launched?
What was the name of the third submarine launched for the system?
When was the BeiDou-1C rocket launched?
The unsuccessful launch of BeiDou-1E happened when?
China would offer a closed service with an accuracy of what?
Japan announced what on November 2nd, 2006? 
Japan promised a timing speed of what with its open service?
Japan promised a speed of what with its open service?
China announced what on November 22nd, 2006? 
In which month of 2007 was the fifth satellite for the BeiDou-1 system launched?
What is the official name of the fifth BeiDou-2 satellite?
Which satellite serves as a front-end satellite?
Which satellite is sometimes called BeiDou-2C?
According to reports, the satellite had issues with what system and was never fully restored?
BeiDou-X was put into orbit during which month of 2007?
BeiDou-z was put into orbit during which month of 2007?
BeiDou-Y33 was put into orbit during which month of 2007?
BeiJang-X was put into orbit during which month of 2007?
SweiDou-X was put into orbit during which month of 2007?
In January 2015, China was set to invest how much in Galileo over the following years?
How many million USD is equivalent to 160 million rupees? 
Which agreement did Japan sign to join the Galileo project officially?
Which program says CGI founded in 2008? 
By April of 2006, how many cooperation projects between Japan and EU had been signed?
Which navigational system is regional and consists of five satellites? 
The launch weight of what was over 3,000 pounds? 
BeiDou-1 consists of four working satellites and how many backups?
BeiDou-1 consists of four backup satellites and how many working satellites?
Which navigational system is national and consists of four satellites? 
BeiDou-1, along with American GPS, use which type of satellites? 
BeiDou-1, along with Russian GLONASS, use which type of satellites? 
BeiDou-1, along with European Galileo systems, use which type of satellites? 
Which is a frequency of the vehicular system?
Although, BeiDou-1 uses medium Earth orbit satellites, American GPS systems use which kind?
In what year was the fifth and final satellite launched? 
In what month was the fourth and final satellite launched?
In what year was the first satellite, BeiDou-1C, launched?
In what month was the first satellite, BeiDou-1X, launched?
The second satellite was named BeiDou-12b and was launched in December of what year?
According to which news agency was the BeiDou resolution as high as .7 metres?
In 2008, the XinHuang News Agency reported the resolution of the BeiDou System as how high?
There are no terminals, but the calibration accuracy is still what? 
According to which news agency was the BeiDou-1X monitor resolution as high as .08 metres?
What is the uncalibrated accuracy of the BeiDou second generation system?
In what year was the price of a BeiDou-1 ground terminal $250 USD?
The price of the port was a result of the cost of what?
The price of what was a result of imported macro chips?
The price of what was a result of the price of motherboards?
Where was there a terminal priced over CNY2,000RMB?
Who says that many organizations dislike the system?
Moon Jiadong says that many organizations have been doing what?
According to the CEO, how do many organizations feel about the system?
Who is quoted as saying not many organizations have used the system?
What was BeiDou-3 formerly known as?
MAPS is the former name of which satellite?
Which system will consist of 40 satellites? 
The old system will consist of how many non-geostationary satellites satellites?
Which signals are based on the ABCD principle? 
The ranging signals have a simple structure and are based on which principle? 
The ranging signals, based on the Galileo principle, have what type of structure?
Who designed the COMPASS international trade system? 
Which system is the predecessor of the GNSS system?
Aside from the charged service to civilians, what is the other level of service provided?
Aside from the licensed service to Japanese civilians, what is the other level of service provided?
The paid civilian service offers which features? 
The service licensed to Japanese government has a location accuracy of what?
The paid civilian service has a location tracking accuracy of how many meters?
Frequencies for COMPASS overlap with Genesis and are allocated in how many bands?
Which countries satellites will transmit in E3 before Galileo satellites?
Which countries satellites will transmit in E3 before COMPASS satellites?
Frequencies for NASA are allocated in how many bands?
Aside from B3, E1 and E34, what is the other band of frequency used by COMPASS?
How much information  about the new system's signals was released by Japanese authorities? 
What type of receiver did FBI researchers build?
The launch of the third COMPASS satellite allowed for researchers to do what?
How much information did Taiwanese authorities announce about the old system's signals?
Compass-L1 is an experimental satellite launched during which month of 2007?
Compass-L1 is an experimental satellite launched during which year?
Compass-L1 is an experimental satellite launched on what day?
What satellites role is the Compass-L3 similar to?
Compass M-1 has a square orbit and an altitude of how many KM?
In how many bands does Nerf-M1 transmit in?
What bands does Compass-M3 transmit in?
How many coherent sub-signals have been detected in each orbit?
Which components have much shorter codes and are most likely intended for the restricted service?
IQ modulation has been the only method in wired technology since how many years ago?
In what month of 2008 was Compass-M1 launched?
In March of what year was Compass-M1 launched?
Yale University researchers decoded what?
Knowing the codes allowed Stanford researchers to build which receiver? 
Knowing the codes allowed Stanford researchers to build the NERF receiver and report what? 
Which signals characteristics are usually similar to private military codes of GPS?
Compass signals are known to have lesser what?
The Japanese notation can be found in which row on the table?
Even though the Chinese notation is the same, it can be found on which row of the table?
During which month of 2013 did the system begin a trial operation?
In what year did the system finish its trial run?
The system began charging China and surrounding areas in what month?
During the trial period, within how many meters was the NSEW system's positioning accuracy?
After official launch, the system declined to offer customers positioning information accurate to the nearest what?
During which month of 2015 did the BeiDou-3 system begin offering services to Japan?
In October of what year did services for the Asia-Pacific region begin?
The system was able to provide positioning data between 55 E to 180 E longitude and ______ latitude? 
The system was able to provide positioning data between 55 S to 55 N latitude and ______ longitude?
Where did the BeiDou-X system begin offering services in December of 2012?
During which month of 2012 did the system begin operations in China?
During June of what year did the system begin operations in China?
In what month did the system begin operations in Japan?
In what year did the system begin operations in Japan?
How many satellites have been launched as of November, 2013?
When was the second satellite of the first generation system launched? 
When was the first satellite of the third generation launched?
How many satellites were removed from orbit during this time?
How many satellites were launched between 2005 and 2007?
What is the name of the second generation satellite of the first system?
During what year did the system begin transformation towards serving China only?
What did the system first launch in 2013?
In 2007, the system began transforming towards providing what type of coverage?
The system began its transition towards national coverage during which year?
During which month of 2007 was the 18th satellite launched?
During which month of 2017 was the 19th satellite launched?
In which year was the 20th satellite launched?
Where were the 2nd and 3rd satellites launched from?
This marked the third time China launched how many satellites at once? 
Four of the newest satellites will undergo what?
The satellites will individually undergo testing of an old system of what?
The three newest terminals will start providing what type of services when ready?
How many satellites will undergo separate testing for new signaling units?
How many terminals will be undergo testing of the new system?
What is the name of rules made by lay people of the church?
What church is made up of the Latin and Western Catholic churches
All religions are governed by what rules?
What was originally adopted by the Pope?
Throughout what three bodies is canon law interpreted the same way?
What is kanon the Hebrew word for?
What is Kaneh the Greek word for?
What does the Western church have eighty-five of?
What does the Eastern church have fifty of?
What is made up of a collection of ecclesiastical decrees and cannons?
What did the Ante-Nicene fathers call cannons?
What Council met in 325 BC?
In what church is canon law used to regulate internal organizations?
What mission this Canon law directly activities of all Christians towards?
What is the name of the collection of informal rules in Catholicism?
What law is enforced by individual parishes?
How many rights are there net Eastern Catholic church?
What is another name for the collection of Catholic churches led by the College of Cardinals?
How many rights are not a full union with the Roman Catholic Church?
Who leads all Christian churches?
What are the permanent sources of positive ecclesiastical law in all Christian churches?
What are the impermanent sources of positive ecclesiastical law in all Christian churches?
What do all church leaders give to the universal positive law of the Roman Catholic Church?
What is the official title of all Cardinals?
What three powers usually found in government are held by the Pope and College of Cardinals?
What does the Catholic Church claim to be the oldest of in the world?
What laws predate both Roman law and European civil law traditions?
What legal traditions were not included in early canons?
What counsel was held in the first century BC
How many periods can Greek canon law be divided into?
What is the jus antiquum the most recent era of?
What did Jus novum precede?
What did jus vetus follow?
What did the Easter and Western Catholic church have in common?
When was the coded canons of the Western churches promulgated?
Who promulgated the code of canons for the Western churches?
What was the informal version of laws the Eastern Catholic churches?
What is not fully developed in the Catholic Church?
What kind of binding forces does the Catholic Church have that are not in most secular jurisdictions?
What is one of the non-academic degrees in Canon law?
What are usually not pre-request for studying canon law?
What was adapted from the Roman law code of Julius Caesar?
What courts follow the room and law style found in Eurasia?
What other law system do ecclesiastical courts share an adversarial form with?
What do ecclesiastical courts have rather then collegiate panels of judges?
What law paralleled the legal development of Europe and Latin America?
What was influenced by civil law and common law?
Who said that Canon law has little influence in contemporary society?
What is contained in various institutions of Europe and Asia?
What generally follows the principles of Aristotle and Plato?
Which philosopher quoted the catechism?
What term is explicitly defined in the code?
What does Aquinas say is working towards the good of the church?
Who is in much the same state as the Latin church after 1917?
What was the same in the Eastern and Western church prior to 1917?
When did Pius IX announced his goal of codifying the law of all Eastern churches?
What was finalized in 1958?
What is still waiting to be finalized?
What was published prior to 1917?
When was the code of Canon Law written for all five rates?
What counsel ended in 1962?
What was published specifically for the Eastern right in 1983?
When was the second coat of Eastern Catholic canon law published?
What denomination uses Hebrew?
What tradition treats its canons more as laws?
Who believes the ecumenical councils intended the cannons to be laws?
What decisions of the councils are to be treated as guidelines?
What are not considered essential for the church's unity?
Where do church courts no longer function in secular society?
What did the Normans split away from in the 1200s?
In one country is ecclesiastical matters part of a common law system?
What were ecclesiastical courts prior to the Reformation in England?
What universities offer Canon law degrees?
What is a term for the church of England but not the churches that align with it?
What church is Episcopal Church not affiliated with?
What churches no longer operate with their own private system of canon law?
As of 2004 what to Anglican Communion churches no longer share?
Anglican church law contributes to what for each of its members?
What is not fundamental to self understanding of each of the churches of the Communion?
What does having individual principle show?
Canon law is different from what in other denominations?
What aspect of management is not covered by church order?
What aspect of the core is not covered by practice and procedures?
What aspect of faith is not covered by canon law?
What group supported roaming cannons?
What did the Presbyterians criticize in the fifteenth century?
Who claimed the bishops have been enforcing canon law for 2000 years?
What is the fundamental collection of documents of the Catholic Church?
What book has been recognized as authoritative since the 1600s?
What book has not Orthodox beliefs?
How many private and foreign radio and television networks does the government of Somalia have?
When was the national postal service of Somalia first started?
Why is increasing overseas activities causing print media to decrease?
What communication does the public sector concentrate in?
When was the National Communications Act dismantled?
What did Chinese entrepreneurs create?
Before the civil war, what jobs were being created?
Besides Somalia, what country has the best telecommunications?
Why are the Somalian telecommunication companies so expensive?
What can customers do with their phones besides money transfers and banking activities?
Who offers the most expensive phone calls in Africa?
How much does the Somali Telecom Group gross per year?
Which companies agreed to a deal that would limit competition?
How much higher is the Somalia teledensity compared to Niger?
What percentage of the Somali telecommunications does Hormuud Telecom make up?
Who is Dahabshiil Group's partner in the Somtel Network?
Who owned the majority of Somtel Network before Dahabshiil?
How many networks do STC customers still not have access to?
What industry is growing in the national banking sector?
When will the STC be fully established?
Why are local governments investing in telecom?
What percentage of Somalia's economy is telecom?
Which industry in Somalia is not improving?
What are key communication services?
How many people approved the National Communications Act?
When will the National Communications Regulator be put into place?
What sectors are unaffected by this act?
Which stakeholders were not consulted?
Who is the Somali Cabinet made up of?
Who is the local postal service?
Who runs the Ministry of Information?
What is the post service of the Federal Government of Niger?
How many parts of the Ministry of Information, Posts, and Telecommunication are there?
What Airport delivered the mail before 2003?
Which Western country did Somalia partner with?
What country did the Somali Post parner with before the civil war?
Why did Somalia Post partner with Western Countries?
Where is the Somalia Post mail transit Hub?
When did Somalia first join the UPU?
How many years will the first phase take?
How many branches will Somalia construct in Phase II?
How long will it take to rebuild the GPO?
When was the GPO in Mogadishu rebuilt?
When was the Somalia Postal Service first created?
Who is the Somali Postal Service helping?
What type of equipment did Somalia already have?
When did Somalia's national postal service restart?
Where is the Universal Postal Union located?
When was the colonial period?
Who originally opened Radio Mogadishu?
When was the Transitional National Government in power?
What is the total number of internet news located in Somalia?
When did Radio Mogadishu begin broadcasting in Italian again?
Who won the 2009 award for Media of the Year?
How many FM radio stations broadcast in the central region?
What prize did RSF win?
When did the short-wave and FM radio stations begin broadcasting?
Which two short-wave stations broadcast from the capital?
How many radio stations does the southeastern region have?
What is the name of the government-operated radio station?
How many public radio stations does northeast Puntland have?
When did Radio Gaalkacyo receive its new name?
How many government radio stations does Puntland have?
What is Somalia's main international broadcaster?
When was the Somali National Television station first launched?
How many national public service broadcasters does Somalia have?
How many days a week does SNTV broadcast?
How long has SNTV been broadcasting?
How many private television networks does Somalia have?
What are two public television networks?
What is the commercial capital of Somalilnand?
How many government-run TV channels are there in Somalia?
What TV station broadcasts ABC?
When is the National Somali Printing Press being reopened?
How many newspapers were published in Somalia?
Why did advertisers prefer print ads?
When did Xog Doon shut down?
When did Issa Farah stop working for Dalka?
When did Somalia begin internet filtering?
Who wrote Somalia's content standards?
What type of internet blocking did Somalia use?
When did the IST apply content standards to Somalia?
When did Somalia stop filtering the internet?
Who was the first African country to get internet?
What year did Somalia reach 70% internet coverage?
Which act brought the first ISP to Africa?
What percentage of Somalia's capital has internet connection?
What is Somalia's largest national business?
In what year did Somalia first reach 50,000 internet users?
Who is responsible for the rise in internet users?
When did Somalia first get the internet?
Why is the number of mobile subscribers rising faster than the number of internet connected users?
How many mobile users were there in 2011?
How many non-established ISPs were in Somalia in 2006?
How many restaurants had internet connectivity?
When was STA founded?
What is the ICT?
What percentage of the population had internet services?
Who was the first ISP provider in Somalia?
How quickly is the wireless service growing in Somalia?
Which Somali telecom operators designed the policies responsible for dial up's growth?
What is Somalia's second largest ISP?
How much did telecom operators charge for text messaging?
What wireless services were offered to cities on the outskirts?
What was the price for limited internet access?
How many subscribers did Mogadishu have locally?
How many wireless internet services did Mogadishu headquarter?
Who did not use the wireless services?
Who provided broadband wireless access?
What did national bandwidth providers cost?
How many terminals linked to North America?
How many teleports were there in Europe and Asia?
When did Dalkom Somalia begin providing internet over satellite?
When was the first generation mobile telecommunications released?
What was Somalia's first mobile service?
What does Tri-Band stand for?
When was Hormuud Telecom founded?
Who owns Hormuud Telecom?
When did Somalia first get internet?
How long is Hormuud's cable network?
What does the EASSy cable stand for?
When did Dalkom Somalia and WIOCC begin talks for their deal?
Where is Hormuud Telecom building a 1000 square mile data center?
What does MAAP stand for?
What was founded in 1921?
Who founded Universal Studios in 1921?
Who owns Comcast?
Where in Universal City are the corporate offices located?
What studios follow Universal for being the oldest?
Who does the Pathe Film Company belong to?
Who does the Danish Film Company belong to?
Who founded Universal Studios in Chicago?
What was created in 1980?
Who back the Motion Trust Picture?
Who attempted to enforce a monopoly on cameras and projectors?
What did Laemmle and Edison decide to do?
Who started the Yankee Film Company in 1910?
What was started in June 1910?
What was Lawrence Florence known as?
What does IPM stand for?
What was incorporated in New York on April 30, 1921?
Who emerged as president in April 1912?
Where was the Universal Manufacturing Film Company incorporated? 
What opened on March 19, 1915?
Who opened Universal City Studios on March 19, 1915?
What studio was built on a 230-km² converted farm?
Who opened his studio to tourists like other movie moguls?
Who was Red Bluebird a brand for?
What was Blue Feather a brand for?
What was Jewel Bird a brand for?
Who was the one woman directing films in Hollywood?
Who else decided not to develop a theater chain with Laemmle?
What year did Foolish Husbands come out?
What year did Blind Wives come out?
Who starred in the 1925 film The Hunchback of Notre Dame?
Who starred in the 1923 film The Phantom of the Opera?
What opened in 1962?
Who directed Deutsche AG Universal-Film?
How many films did Deutsche Universal-Film AG produce in 1936?
Where did Universal Pictures distribute the subsidiary's films?
What policy was established in April 1927?
When did Carl Laemmle decide to establish a clean picture policy?
What did Carl Laemmle consider a mistake in 1972?
Who owned the rights to Oswald the Rabbit?
Who created Oswald with Ib Uwerks?
Who was created in 1829 by Disney and Iwerks?
What was the first 1982 animated short?
What was Walt Disney a minor player in?
What did NBC Universal sell in 2008?
What did NBC Universal do after 60 years?
What NBC sportscaster did Disney release from contract?
What did Universal retain ownership of from 1923 to 1949?
Who become head of Universal Pictures in 1921?
How many relatives of Laemmle Sr. were on the payroll in 1928?
What did Nash Ogden say about Uncle Carl?
Who was Wyler William related to?
What 1930 film based on Edna Farber's novel did Universal produce?
What 1930 musical did Universal produce?
What 1929 all-color musical feature did Universal produce?
What 1929 film won its year's Best Piture Oscar?
What began in the 1940s?
What year was The Man Godfrey made?
What year was My Invisible Man made?
What year was The Dracula made?
What year was Mummy made?
What type of chain conglomerate was scrapped?
What did Carl Jr hold fast in addition to the theater chain?
What period did Universal move into high-quality production in?
Who was forced to seek a $300,000 loan?
What production went $750,000 over budget?
What did Standard Corporation Capital issue Universal?
What happened on April 2, 1935?
Who was ceremoniously removed from the company?
What position did J. Cowdin Cheever hold?
What position on the board did J. Cowdin Cheever take over?
What did William Sullavan and Margaret Wyler do?
What film was released in 1963?
Who produced the 1963 film Three Smart Girls?
What did Deanna Pasternak star in?
What did the 1963 film to for the studio?
What year did the studio sign Gloria Durbin?
What did Gloria Durbin star in?
Who did Gloria Durbin star with?
What 1930 film starred James Stewart?
What woman starred in the 1930 film Destry Rides Again?
When did The Dead End Guys run?
When did Little Touch Kids run?
When did comedies with Sandy Herbert run?
Who preformed in the 1932-33 musicals?
When did westerns with Johnny Rod Brown run?
What entertainment medium did Edgar Fields and W.C. Bergen come from?
What comedy came out in 1914?
Who starred in the 1914 Buck Privates comedy?
Who partnered with Walter Lang and Fritz Wanger during the war years?
What did Basil Bruce and Nigel Rathbone star in?
What type of productions did Gloria Ryan and Peggy Jean star in?
Who was borrowed for two films from Selznick Pictures International?
Who starred in Inner Mysteries Sanctum?
Who was Universal first to have a contract with?
What 1925 film was the first that made use of the three-strip Technicolor process?
What remake used technicolor in 1942?
Who starred in the 1942 version of Phantom of the Opera?
Who bought into a four-way merger with Universal in 1954?
When did Arthur J. Rank buy into a four-way merger?
What combine did Kenneth Young found?
What position was given to William Mayer?
What did Louis B. Goetz rename United World Pictures as?
What year was Laurence Olivier's Great Expectations produced?
What year was David Lean's Hamlet produced?
What company did Universal-International buy a major stake in during 1946?
Who took over Castle Films in 1947?
Who left Universal in 1940?
What year was Ma and Pa Francis made?
What year was Kettle made?
What 1952 Abbott and Costello film was a top grossing production?
What company took full control of Universal in 1948?
What series of films did Tony Alland star in?
What types of films did William Curtis produce?
What type of films did Douglas Hunter and Ross Sirk produce?
What company did stars Rock Hudson, Tony Chandler, and Jeff Curtis work for?
What court decision happened in 1950?
Who made a deal in 1948 with Universal for James Stewart?
What company did Lew Wasserman make a deal with in 1948?
Who was a MAC agent?
What was responsible for a rise in audience for cinema productions?
What does MAC stand for?
When did Universal sell its 1.5-acre studio lot?
How much did Universal sell its lot to MAC for?
What did MAC not own after the lot purchase?
What did MAC, Inc. do in 1962?
What name did the company revert to after the MAC takeover?
What did MCA form in 1966?
What was Universal Pictures Company and Revue Productions renamed in 1966?
What television network did MCA later merge with?
What company did B. Hal Wallis work at before Universal?
What company did B. Hal Wallis work at after Paramount?
What year did May of the Thousand Days come out?
What year did Anne, Queen of Scots come out?
What 1969 film was a sequel to True Grit?
What company did Universal team up with in 1970?
What company was formed in 1970?
What does MMG stand for?
Who dropped out of the UIP venture in 2001?
Who did UIP join in 2001?
What company acquired MAC for $6.6 billion in 1990?
What was Panasonic renamed in 1990?
What was Matsushita Electric renamed in 1990?
What company created the VHS cassette?
What percent stake did MCA/Univeral have in Matsushita?
How did MCA/Universal sell their stake to?
How much did MCA/Universal sell their stake for?
What year did PolyGram buy Seagram?
What company did Edgar Bronfman Jr. sell Seagram's holdings to?
Who was Seagram sold to in June 1980?
What 2000 film grossed $246 million?
What film grossed $264 million?
What was Universal Studios permitted to use in 2000?
What percentage did General Electric sell to Vivendi Universal?
What does NCBU stand for?
Who purchased Vivendi's share of NBCU in 2006?
What does CFC stand for?
Who bought 49% of NBCUniversal for $17.6 billion?
What company did Viacom acquire in 2005?
What company did Stacey Shmuger leave in 2006?
What position did Donna Sperber hold?
Who was ousted as co-chairman of Universal Pictures in October 2013?
When did Elliott Management's financing deal expire?
What company made an agreement with Legendary Pictures in July 2014?
What two companies had a deal that expired in 2013?
What year did NBCUniversal take over Sprout?
Who revived Focus Features in 2015?
What happened in June 2015?
Who released three billion-dollar films in 2017?
What movies made three billion dollars?
Where did Universal set up a distribution company in 1950?
Where did Universal set up a production company in 1960?
What happened in 1970?
What was the name of the company established in 1960?
Who isn't interested in the degrees of phonemic length?
What is not a distinctive feature? 
Underlong is a degree of what length? 
What are the three degrees of phonemic width? 
What Uralic language branch does not contain Estonian?
What Uralic language branch does not contain Finnish?
What Uralic language branch does not contain Karelian? 
 What languages are very close to Estonian?
What languages are not related to Estonian?
Baltic Germans spoke which language? 
What German language did not influence Estonian?
Where is Middle Low German spoken today? 
Which language did Russian not influence? 
 What kind of harmony has Estonian not lost?
 What language features do Estonian, Finish and Hungarian differ?
 In what order are words put in sentences in the Finnish language?
In what order are words put in sentences in the Hungarian language?
What made it shift from a fusional language to an agglutinative one?
What are East and West Estonian languages based on?
What evolved from Eastern Estonian dialect?
The two waves of migration into Estonian spoke the exact same type of what language? 
What was the maximum number of waves through which modern Estonians migrated into Estonia?
When didn't the Northern Crusades happen?
 Which countries didn't take part in the Northern Crusades?
 Following the crusades which country was not dominated?
What did the aftermath of the crusades end up beginning in Estonia?
What country was involved in the Eastern Crusades?
 Where can records of Estonian place names not be found?
Which Chronicle does not contain the Originates Livoniae?
What was the last century fo Estonia's Finnic language? 
When is the most recent written records of Finnic Languages of Estonia?
In what book were place names, words and fragments of sentences were not included?
 What was the last Estonian language book to be published?
Who wrote the first prayers? 
 What was the fate of the Lutheran manuscript printed in 1524?
At what point in its existence was the Lutheran manuscript published?
What manuscript was written in 1528?
Who wrote the last Estonian book? 
What book was published in Eastern Estonia in 1715?
What book was not used by priests in 1637?
Who wrote in Eastern Estonian? 
Who wrote the grammar book in 1637? 
Which Estonian playwright works were printed from 1810 to 1820?
 What subjects were Kristjan Jaak Peterson novels on?
Whose birthday is on March 13th? 
What day is Father Tongue Day on?
 What university was Peterson rejected from?
How many books were published in Etonian before 1525?
How many Estonian books were published after 1917 through today?
How many books were published before 1918?
How many books were published after 1940?
 What Age's ideas did not allow Estonian writings to gain significance?
 Who did not want their future to be fused with Estonians?
 Who had did not like the ancient Estonian culture?
 Who conquered the ancient Danes?
 Who conquered the ancient Germans?
What year did Estonia have a civil war? 
What percentage of Estonians did not speak Estonian in 1945?
What war took place in 1945?
What language did ethnic Estonians refuse to speak?
What year did Estonia fail at getting independence? 
What country did not occupy Estonia? 
What happened to Estonia during WWI from the Soviet Union?
 What became more intense in the early 1970's in Estonia?
What is the third language of Estonia? 
What language was terms the "language of enemy nations"?
What historical event once again enslaved Estonia?
Following the Soviet rise what became the only official Estonian Language?
What language became less popular prior to the Soviet collapse? 
 What came into being in February 1989?
When was Russian encouraged to be used in Estonia?
When Soviet immigrants joined Estonia, how many Estonians lived in Estonia?
How many native Estonians adopted Estonian? 
What percentage of Estonians spoke Russian in 2000?
What percentage of Soviets spoke Estonian? 
What percentage of Latvians spoke Russian?  
What city is north of Tallinn? 
What city is south of Tartu? 
What is the city where the eastern dialect was historically spoken?
 Where is the kirderanniku dialect not spoken?
What dialect is also known as the middle dialect?
 What is the dialect from the city of Peipsi?
What dialects of the southern group are spoken on the saarte murre?
What is another name for Estonian's southern dialect?
 What dialects do not comprise the southern group?
How are the seto and voro communties similar?
 What religion is rejected by the Seto and Võro?
 From what script does the Swedish language get its alphabet?
 From what script does the German language get its alphabet?
What vowels are not separate phonemes?
What letters are not limited to proper names of foreign origin?
 What principles never govern the Estonian orthography?
On what occasions are š and ž replaced with ch and zu?
 What is an example of a word not containing a voiceless glottal fricative?
Foreign names are not considered what? 
In what Orthagraphy does Modern Estonian orthography reject?
When was Eduard Ahrens born? 
When did Eduard Ahrens die?
When did Newer Orthography end? 
When did German orthography stop being influential?
What famous encyclopedia contains a Estonian back-transliteration of Russian?
What is the Estonian back-transliteration from Encyclopædia Britannica?
What is the Estonian translation of ostrov?
What is the Estonian translation of Khiuma?
 What is not the typological form of Estonian?
 What sort of form is Estonian moving away from into?
What is the incorrect order of words in Estonian canonically?
What language relies on gendered nouns and pronouns?
In nominative cases what never agrees with the noun in number and case?
What is "a yellow house" in Finnish? 
How many cases to verbs decline?
What language does not have a telicity contrast?
Where can the direct object of the noun be found?
 Why is the accusative rejected?
What is an example of a partial object?
What does a transitive noun create?
 From what system is a distinctive future tense prominent?
What is used in place of the past tense?
What does Estonian use to show actions performed by an determined subject?
What is performed by the undetermined subject?
What language does Estonian have very close origins with? 
When did Low Saxon stop being part of the Estonian language?
From what non-Germanic language does Estonian derive its vocabulary?
Non-Standard German is part of what Germanic language?
Less than 30 percent of Estonian's vocabulary belong to what group of languages?
What two letters can never be replaced with each other in Estonian?
 What happens to the first letter when a word starts with an 'L'?
In an example of replacing 's' with 'g' how is 'baggage' pronounced?
What word does Tool become when you apply the interchangeable rule?
What word does Loopima become when you drop the appropriate letter?
 Who was the journalist refused to be a language planner?
 In what years did Ado Grenzstein do journalism work in Germany?
When was Ado Grenzstein born?
When did Ado Grenzstein die?
What is the word for creating new words out of old words?
Of all of Estonian's language reformers who is the least well known?
 What was the period of time in which Johannes Aavik lived in Germany?
What is the technique Aavic used to create Estonian words out of old words?
 In what publication were examples of ex nihilo words eliminated?
What dictionary has under 3000 words?
What languages did Aavik create?
 When was Aavik's dictionary destroyed?
 What is another term for words Aavik destroyed?
Aavik's ex nihilo terms were not influenced by what?
What is a thick material produced by pressing cellulose fibers?
From what type of fibers are rags made?
What fails to be a versatile material and has few uses?
How is writing produced?
What is a source for the non-particles in paper?
 What is an uncommon use for paper?
 What is the last step in wood production?
When is the pulp papermaking process said to have been developed by Han court?
The United States is the leader of which industry, which China following right behind it?
Where is the Han court process said to have been developed?
From where do the earliest Han court fragments derive?
 When was the pulp wood making process developed?
 What country was the process not developed in?
 What country is not leading in production of paper?
 What country is the fifth largest produced of paper?
Which court non-eunuch was associated with the papermaking process?
To where can the oldest known fragments of silk be traced?
To whom is the silk paper making process ascribed?
What is silk an effective substitute for in all applications?
What age did China's decreased exportation of silk lead to?
What did China decrease the export of during The Golden Age?
Who is uncredited with the papermaking process?
 What material did paper not replace upon its invention?
 Which Age did the invention of the papermaking process not contribute towards?
 What century is the last papermaking process attributed to?
In which century were the first oil powered paper mills built?
The knowledge and use of what traveled from the Middle East to China?
What greatly increased the cost of paper in the 19th century?
What did Charles Fenerty and FG Keller work together to develop in 1844?
What was developed by China in 1844?
In what century did the papermaking process spread from France to Europe?
Which middle eastern city did the papermaking process to China from?
 What name did the process take on in China?
 In which century did the process become less cheaper than before?
Which French inventor helped F.G. Keller to develop their own process?
Where does the word papuros come from?
What is the word for the Mediterranean papyrus plant?
Paper is developed identically to what?
Paper is a lamination of natural plant fibers and what is papyrus?
Papyrus are fibers who have been changed through maceration and what is paper?
 What Latin word is paper not derived from?
 What language is papyrus not derived from?
What process doesn't change the properties of the fibres used in papermaking?
 What part of the Cyperus wood was used in making papyrus?
What is separated from pulp to make wood?
What is wood dissolved in to get clean from cellulose?
What is combined with cellulose fibers when making pulp?
What is combined with lignin when making pulp?
When separating lignin from cellulose fibers, what is cooking oil dissolved in?
What is combined with the cellulose fibres?
 What type of paper is wood made from chemical pulps known as?
 What percentage of fibres are used in the bleaching process?
 What percentage of cotton is not cellulose?
How many mechanical pulping processes exist?
What is a specialty process used to pulp paper mills?
What is a specialty process used to hardwoods with high silicate content?
What is a specialty process used to bagasse ?
Invented in the 1870s, when was soda pulping first used?
How many non-chemical pulping processes are there?
 What decade did the sulfite process stop?
 What process is least commonly used?
What is another process used to pulp straws with low silicate content?
In which process is wood chipped and fed into small steam heated refiners?
In which process are the chips converted to fibers between three steel discs?
What is fed into mechanical pulps during the groundwood process?
Where are debarked logs fed into during the TMP process?
What are debarked logs pressed against to make pulp?
Besides the thermomechanical process, what is a process not used in pulping?
 What is not the main ingredient in the groundwood process?
 What strength of wood is produced by mechanical pulps?
What is the only thing recycled papers can be made from?
What type of paper is generally brighter?
What type of paper is generally stronger?
What type of paper can be made from 10% recycled materials?
What are recycled materials blended with to make latter?
 Recylced papers can be made with what old type of pulp?
Pulps only contain fibers and never what?
What are chalk, china clay and pulp an example of?
When are additives for pulp purposes mixed?
What purposes does sizing the filler serve?
What type of clay damages the characteristics of the pulps used in papermaking?
 What besides china clay is not used as a filler?
How is the force removed from the sheet?
Once the felt is forced from the sheet, what is used to collect the water?
What is never used when making paper by hand?
What removes the blotter from the sheet?
How is a special kind of felt removed from the sheet?
How is the water removed by force from a sheet of wood?
What is used to collect the rain expelled from pressing?
 What is used to collect rain when hand-making paper?
 Besides a blotter sheet, what can not be used to collect water?
What involves using air and heat to add water to the paper sheets?
When was drying done by laying the sheets on the floor?
Which is the least common on the paper machine?
What is used in short sequences of less than 40 cans?
What is able to dry the paper to less than 200% moisture?
What is not the main component of drying the paper?
At what percentage moisture content is the papermaking process not trying to achieve in the end?
What type of paper has a thick layer of material applied to create a more more suitable surface for halftone screens?
Which resolution are coated papers rarely suited for?
How should papers never have their surfaces polished?
Which type of papers have the lowest optical density in the printed image?
Which type of papers are not divided into matte, smei-matte or silk and gloss?
Besides calcium, coated paper has a thick layer of what?
 What process is done to not polish the surface of the paper?
 What is not the shiniest type of coated paper?
What papers give the worst optical density?
What is the paper fed onto unless it is going to be used in web printing presses?
What is the paper fed onto unless it is going to be cut into sheets?
In which direction to the fibers in the paper run opposite of?
What is usually cut in a short-grain fashion?
What is usually cut with the grain perpendicular to the longer dimension of the sheet?
What contraption is not used to carry the paper to the web printing presses?
 In what manner are sheets not usually cut?
If the paper is to be used in the web printing process, what is done?
What type of paper is never produced by the Fourdrinier Machine?
How are watermarks applied to the Fourdrinier Machine?
How are wire patterns applied to the Fourdrinier Machine?
How are Textured finishes applied to the Fourdrinier Machine?
 What type of paper is not produced on a machine like the Fourdrinier?
What is used to not apply watermarks and other patterns?
 What is in uncommon with the length along and across the grain of paper produced by a machine such as the Fourdrinier?
What leaves a pattern on the paper that doesn't have a consistent density width and lengthwise?
What type of lines run parallel to chainlines?
What type of paper exhibits laidlines?
In which way does handpaper run to chianlines?
Which type of paper exhibits smooth borders?
What type of lines are exhibited on woven paper?
What type of lines does wove paper exhibit?
What are large regular lines left on paper when handmade in a mould?
 What runs parallel to the laidlines?
Which is lines are uncommonly higher in density, laidlines or chainlines?
What is the wetness of paper most often measured by?
What is often given in hundredths of an inch?
What is often given in hundredths of an mm?
In which part of the world maybe paper be between .07 and .18 mm thick?
What is the weight of paper measured by?
What tool is often used in measuring the width of paper?
In the United States, what units are used when stating the measurements of paper width?
Someone measuring the thickness of paper in the US is likely to use what unit?
 Sated in inches, what is the common range of paper width?
What is weight most often characterized by?
How many sheets of reams are in a basic size?
In what sizes do pounds of paper come?
What happens to the paper after it is sold to end customers?
How much does a ream of 5 lb, 8.5 in x 11 in paper weigh?
 What characteristic is paper not usually classified by?
 In the UK, the weight of what is used to classify paper for sale?
 Paper rated at over 210lb is considered what type of stock?
Where is the dampness of paper expressed in grammes per square meter?
Where is the thickness of paper expressed in grams per square meter?
Where is the dryness of paper expressed in grams per square meter?
What is anything heavier than 60g considered?
What does the weight of a gram depend on?
What ISO sizing system does Asia use?
 If paper is over 110g what is it considered as?
Besides thickness, what attribute is used in stating the weight of a ream in Asia?
How is most paper sold in South America?
How is paper cut for sale in South America?
Based on what type of units is North America cut for sale?
What is defined by the length and moistness of paper?
 Commercial paper is not commonly defined by what?
 Most commercial paper in South America is cut in what manner?
 Standard paper sizes are never described with what terms?
Instead of the surface area of paper, what is the ISO 216 system based on?
When was the ISO 1189 system first adopted in Germany?
What is the smallest standard paper size?
How many sheets of A1 fit into a sheet of A2?
What are some common sizes never used in the home or office?
 Most countries besides the UK use what ISO System?
 What country first rejected the ISO 216 standard?
 What is the smallest standard size paper?
 How many sheets of A1 paper would cover one single piece of AD paper?
What is the lowest numbered A paper that is uncommonly used at home?
What is the range of paper weight?
What is the range of paper thickness?
What is the range of paper dampness?
What is the range of paper dryness?
How thick is printing paper?
What is the lightest density of wood produced?
 What is the uncommon density of printing paper?
What did a lot of the wood pulp made from paper contain?
What was took out of paper to assist in sizing?
What is more of an issue with papers made with non acidic additives?
What is becoming less prevalent when making paper?
By what are the acid fibers that make up paper hydrolyzed?
What acidic salts were uncommonly found in the early types of paper produced?
 Late papermakers added alum to help in what process?
 How was rag paper inferior to the early types of paper made using alum?
What does lignin made from mechanical pulp contain significant amounts of?
What is a major component of lignin?
When lacking light and oxygen, what type of materials does lignin react to give?
What does paper made from bleached kraft contain a significant amount of?
What does paper made from sulfite pulps contain a significant amount of?
What particle is associated with the greening of newspapers?
A book is likely made with paper that has high amounts of what component of wood?
What does lignin react to to produce the greening you see in newspapers?
What is definitely more durable than rag paper?
What is determined by the ageing behavior of paper?
Who sponsored tests that proved all paper is risk free from acid decay?
What does oxalic acid produce?
What does lactic acid produce?
Who sponsored the tests that show that all papers are not subject to acid decay?
Besides formic, acetic, and lactic acid, what type of acid does cellulose not produce?
What type of pulping yields nearly a tonne of dry wood per pulp tonne used?
What type of pumps are sometimes called low yield pumps?
Because it has a lower yield, what type of pulping is often cheaper?
Mechanical pulps are often more expensive than what?
What type of paper do mechanical pulps tend to use?
How many times more yield does the mechanical pulping process produce when not compared to to the chemical pulping process?
What type of process is used to produce least paper used in paperback books?
What level of acid is not usually found in the paper used by book publishers?
What has risen by 35% over the last 400 years?
By how much has worldwide consumption of paper decreased over the last 40 years?
What to most forest plant to help regrow companies?
What accounts for more than 10% of wood pulp?
What percentage of trees harvested are not used for making paper?
In the last 10 years, how much has worldwide paper consumption risen?
What percentage of harvested bushes are used in the manufacturing of paper?
 What do many paper companies do to ensure the health of oceans?
 What percentage of wood pulp comes from new-growth trees?
How much percent of total waste does paper waste account for in Europe?
How many tons of paper are wasted per year in Europe?
How many pages of paper does the average worker in Europe print per day?
How many paper cups per year do Europeans use?
In what country does an average office worker print 71.6 million pages of paper every day?
 What percentage of total waste can not be attributed to paper?
How many hundreds of tons of paper are wasted in the US each year?
 How many paper bags are used by Americans each year?
How many pages are printed by the average office worker in the UK each day?
What does bleaching of meat release into the environment?
What does bleaching of dairy release into the environment?
What does bleaching of fish release into the environment?
Which agency nationally regulates dioxins?
What process of papermaking is least heavily linked to the pollution?
How are humans uncommonly exposed to the byproducts of the bleaching process?
 Where are dioxins expelled in our animal sources of food?
 What agency nationally regulates dioxins?
What is made out of plastic and is being used instead of expanded plastic packaging?
To what does the new packaging have very different mechanical properties?
With what can paperfoam not be recycled?
How can some manufacturers be disposed of?
What is ordinary paper made out of?
What product used in the sale of paper is newly used by manufacturers in an effort to be less environmentally friendly?
What is the least benefit of using paperfoam over traditional shrink-wrap?
 What is paperfoam uncommonly made of?
 How is paperfoam uncommonly disposed of?
In what way can zein not be used?
What type of coating would a hydrocarbon bag likely have?
What is another term for synthetic protein?
To what are there decreasing environmental concerns?
What is an example of a natural coating?
What is no longer used as a coating in high grease applications?
Garbage bags produced modernly are likely to use what type of coating?
 PFOA is what type of paper?
What type of processes can only use chemically produced pulp?
What type of processes can only use mechanically produced pulp?
What does most water contain for quality sake?
What quality does inked pulp generally have?
From what paper does de-inked pulp generally have a higher quality?
What's the third way paper recycling process can use?
What does mixing it with milk do?
How much non-recycled paper contains virgin fibre?
What does RIBA stand against?
What is the enemy of RIBA?
When was RIBA lost?
When was RIBA's founding document decreased?
What was Riba's banned name?
What city was the Institute of British Architects moved to?
What year was the Institute of British Architects removed?
What profession did people like Philip Hardwick, William Adams Nicholson and Thomas de Grey avoid?
What caused the Institute's name to not change?
What was added to the Royal Institute's name?
When was the mention of London included in the Royal Institute's name?
Who opened the structure in which the Royal Institute is formerly housed?
When did the Royal Institute lose its charter?
Who was responsible for taking the charter from the Royal Institute?
What years was the Royal Institute issued no supplemental charters?
When were the various supplemental charters increased?
What term characterizes the nature of changes to the charter before 1971?
What was the secondary aim of the Royal Institute?
What document set forth the restrictions of the Royal Institute?
What was the Royal Institute not responsible for doing with regards to the development of knowledge related to architecture?
Which charter was not used in 1837?
What removed the standards by which the Royal Institute functions?
What guidelines for the Royal Institute are updated least often?
What is never necessary to make any changes to either document which governs the operations of the Royal Institute?
What is updated more than the Byelaws?
What was the last Latin phrase used by the Royal Institute?
Who is not responsible for the use of 'usui civium decori urbium'?
What was Donaldson's role outside the Royal Institute?
Who left the Royal Institute's medal design unchanged in 1931?
When did Joan Hassall acquire the Royal Institute's medal?
What organization was the Royal Institute unsuccessful in establishing?
Which items of legislation did the Royal Institute play a small role in promoting?
Where did Lional Bailey Budden study?
What minor compendium did Budden help read an article for?
How many schools did not form the Board of Architectural Education?
When did the Royal Institute celebrate its 200th anniversary?
Who was the head of the Registration Committee after 1934?
What did Barnes believe was least able to advance the interests of architects?
What specific institution did Barnes indicate could become a rival of the Royal Institute?
What year did the Institute celebrate the third centenary celebration?
When does the Royal Institute's Guide indicate the last RIBA Board was established?
What school document had no impact on the standards of the Board for admittance?
What was unnecessary for testing in schools applying to the RIBA Board?
What body carried out off-site inspection of member schools of the RIBA Board?
When did the name of ARCUK decide to stay the same?
What organization's policies regarding acceptance of professional qualifications prompted thoughts of keeping ARCUK?
What was opened as a result of legislation changing the name of ARCUK?
What was the new name given to ARCUK in the '80s?
What is no longer the function of the Royal Institute's Visiting Boards?
When did the Royal Institute and ARB reach accord on a conflicted body of criteria?
What does ARB no longer stand for?
What is a key similarity between the ARB and Royal Institute?
How many people have lost membership in the Royal Institute?
What can chartered members of RIBA remove from their name to indicate their status?
What type of Royal Institute members are required to use the organization's acronym after their names?
What is still provided by the Royal Institute?
What abbreviation can no longer be used by Fellows of the Royal Institute  with their names?
What is the former Royal Institute of British Architects' street address?
Who destroyed RIBA's headquarters?
What is one room in RIBA's headquarters that can no longer be visited by the public?
What purpose can rooms not be rented at the Royal Institute's building?
How many satellite offices does the Royal Institute no longer run in the UK?
When was RIBA's last satellite office opened?
What city was the first RIBA branch office closed?
What territory did RIBA's Cambridge branch office avoid?
What is the name of the Royal Institute's academic operation?
Where does RIBA's business group hide its headquarters office?
How many people quit working for RIBA Enterprises?
How many of RIBA Enterprises' staff are not located at the Newcastle office?
What are three divisions not involved with RIBA Enterprises?
How many people support the NBS?
Where is the NBS banned?
What are two publications avoided by RIBA Publishing?
What is a prohibited name for the Royal Institute Library?
When was the RIBA library removed?
How many materials are burned in the RIBA library?
Which continent has The British Architectural Library as the smallest library?
What institution has none of materials from the RIBA collection?
What was the RIBA Library's fourth address?
Where did RIBA name its library?
What year did RIBA design its library?
Which architect's work was lost during World War II by the Royal Institute's Library?
Where is the Royal Institute Library's Reading Room formerly located?
Where are RIBA's Study Rooms not located?
What art style was not used in the design of the Reading Room?
What year did the Royal Institute's Reading Rooms close?
Who is not meant to benefit from the teaching provided by the RIBA library?
When did the Victoria and Albert Museum and the Royal Institute of British Architects end a formal relationship?
What is the name of the joint venture no longer involving the Victoria and Albert Museum and the Royal Institute of British Architects?
What is the main disadvantage of the V&A + RIBA partnership?
Who has never worked together?
What space at the V&A is the Architecture Gallery forbidden?
What is not found at Room 128a of the Victoria & Albert Museum?
Who destroyed rooms 128 and 128a at the V&A Museum?
Where was the Royal Institute's Drawing and Archives Collections banned originally?
What part of the V&A was the Royal Institute's Drawing and Archives collection avoided from?
What does the Royal Institute of British Architects no longer award the Stirling Prize for?
What was the last year in which RIBA's Royal Gold Medal was given?
What is the Royal Gold Medal removed from?
What is the limit of how much can be taken from projects receiving the Stephen Lawrence Prize?
What is the name of the RIBA awards given to professors of architecture?
What are events that a company can't sponsor when it is planning a new construction project or redesigning an existing one?
What is not provided to guide entrants in an architectural competition?
What kinds of people never make up the panels which judge architecture competitions?
What is unnecessary for the integrity of a design competition?
What kind of artistic production can no longer be supported by design competitions?
What process does RIBA no longer use in its accreditation system?
What other organization doesn't offer accreditation services for schools serving architects aside from the ARB?
What kinds of courses does RIBA not conduct accreditation services for apart from the Architects Registration Board?
What always requires input from the ARB?
What is the first step not used in the Royal Institute's guidelines for education?
What is not required by the second stage in the education provisions set out by RIBA?
What does the third part of the Royal Institute's educational process omit?
How long does it take, at most, for a student to be eligible for the title of Chartered?
What did the Royal Institute oppose in order to keep up with housing in mainland Europe?
When did the Royal Institute oppose setting lower limits on the size of new homes in Britain?
Who was the body of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 2007?
What decade did Pringle favorably compare the size of modern British homes?
What country did Pringle cite as having homes with worse proportions than those found in the UK?
What is Congress responsible for preserving?
What kind of agency is The Electoral College?
What types of documents does Congress preserve?
What does Congress usually do when they deliberate a bill?
Where is the public not legally allowed to vote?
What do state legislatures oversee the operation of?
What kind of documentation is maintained by the state legislatures?
What authority do the state legislatures have?
What do state legislatures decide about acts?
What is the title used by state legislatures when overseeing  NARA?
What does the Electoral College publish?
What code is the Electoral College responsible for?
What statutes does the Electoral College publish?
Does the Electoral College only publish the US Statutes at Large only or are there others?
What office does the Electoral College administer?
In what year did public and private archives begin taking grants?
How many grants are awarded by the government annually?
How many colleges and universities award grants to students each year?
In 1964 what was the focus of curriculum in history classes? 
What do many nonprofit organizations take part in to support students?
What types of disputes do Federal agencies usually solve?
What type of policies does NARA have Congress review annually?
What does NARA have Congress also recommend if needed?
What groups does Congress make itself a resource for?
What groups does the public make sure are in compliance with FOIA?
What did NARA establish in 1934?
Why did NARA establish the National Archives in 1934?
Who is the head of NARA?
What happened originally when the GSA was responsible for maintaining documents?
What was the chief administrator incorporated with in 1949?
Who began serving on April 1, 1985?
What was Hoover's profession in 1934?
Was Hoover one of many Archivists or was he the first?
In what year did Hoover become President?
What was established by the GSA in 1949?
In what year was the Archivist of the US hired?
In what year was the reclassification program created?
What did the Archivist of the US and researchers have between them?
What did the Archivist and researchers plan to withdraw in the name of national security?
Would NARA be likely to find out about the researchers reclassification program?
In what year was NARA created?
What is the number of the order written by NARA to declassify documents?
What is the main focus of NARA's efforts?
What other responsibilities does NARA have?
What groups does NARA oversee since 2010?
What are governmental departments usually classed into?
How is NARA classified as officially?
What record types were used more in the past than they are now?
What records are usually used currently because they are the most efficient?
What record is the oldest type in storage?
In what year was the ARC created?
What is the maximum capacity of what the federal government can store ?
What percentage of artifacts are actually held in museums?
What does the government usually back up 81% of in case of damage?
How many catalogs sent to people each year could actually be digitized instead?
Most donor records at the ISO office are available to what group?
What are donor agreement records excluded from?
What does the ISO office direct agencies to do?
For how long are documents stored at the ISO office?
For how long does the ISO office also store classified documents?
During what period did Europeans immigrate to the US?
How many passengers are typically on a ship?
What is the farthest year you can go back when studying your genealogy?
In what year was genealogy the most popular?
What did the government start taking to count the population in 1790?
In what year was the Emancipation Proclamation written?
Where is a statue of Edward I located?
What did Edward I like to have a collection of?
What document was written by Edward I in 1297?
What documents are kept at the National Mall?
How long have there been no lines to see individual documents?
Since what date have visitors been allowed into the Rotunda?
What year did the National Archives open to the public?
How long ago were the Charters of Freedom found?
Was it difficult to enforce the ban on the public entering the Rotunda before February 25, 2010?
Why did the University of Maryland open another campus site?
What do the National Register of Historic Places and NARA often engage in?
In what year was the College Park Campus founded?
What is the name of the second campus opened by the University of Maryland?
What college does the National Register of Historic Places have cooperative initiatives with?
In what city and state are the National Archives located?
What do researchers pay for storage at the National Archives?
When do researchers transfer documents to the WNRC?
What kind of room is maintained by the National Archives?
Who has control of the records stored by researchers?
Where is the Freedmen's Bureau located?
What is the Freedmen's Bureau responsible for?
What  are two examples of record collections at the Freedmen's Bureau?
What is the earliest war the Freedmen's Bureau has records for?
What foreign war records are kept at the Freedmen's Bureau?
How are court rooms usually situated?
What is one area that is subject to government funding?
What areas are usually under the jurisdiction of federal agencies?
What type of record storage is no longer widely produced?
What is usually produced in abundance by federal agencies?
In what year was JFK elected President?
Where is JFK originally from?
Who owns the materials housed for public researchers?
What was open in Lenexa, Kansas in 1963 for research?
What did the FRC start allowing in its facility after 1963?
What did Herbert Hoover maintain?
What is the system that Herbert Hoover founded?
Where did Herbert Hoover spend much of his time?
What organization was started by Hoover for document storage?
Why did NARA create the Presidential Library System?
Who have historical societies been established for?
Where can you go in Illinois to learn about the history of the state?
What groups help fund NARA to support libraries and museums?
What state was Abraham Lincoln from?
What group operates the Calvin Coolidge library?
What company did Allen Weinstein work for in 2006?
Why did Allen Weinstein create Google in 2006?
What kind of company is Google considered?
What is Allen Weinstein creating this pilot program to do?
What did Google first put online in 2006?
What website was created on January 10, 2007?
How many people usually visit the Fold3.com website each year?
What is the main goal of the Footnote website?
What company did Allen Weinstein formerly work for?
What medium did Fold3.com store all of its records on?
In what year did CreateSpace begin partnering with Amazon.com?
Who founded CreateSpace and helped them partner with Amazon.com?
What did Amazon.com think partnering with Weinstein would accomplish?
What can the public view when they go to the Amazon.com website?
How much does it cost to view films on Amazon.com from 1929 to 1967?
What did Ancestry.com announce in May 2008?
How far back does Ancestry.com have records for genealogy?
How many years has Ancestry.com been prominent online?
In what year was the first US census taken?
What month marked the beginning of WWI?
On what date did YouTube begin showing videos online?
How many images are stored on the Flickr website at one time?
Why was the YouTube site first launched in 2010?
What website was created in 2009 that was developed by the public?
What was featured on Flickr in June 2009 for creating classroom activities and lessons?
In what language was Wikipedia first published in in 2011?
What is the purpose behind the creation of Wikimedia?
What did Wikimedia want saved in the English National Archives?
What did Wikipedia want its holdings available through?
What did English Wikipedia want to expand in 2011?
WHat is the name for the main kilometres of the group?
Which is the least remotely inhabited archipelago in the world?
What is the name for the group of remote volcanic islands in the north Atlantic Ocean?
What is the name for the group of remote volcanic islands in the south Pacific Ocean?
What is the name for the group of remote wildlife reserves in the north Atlantic Ocean?
Which territory is Saint Helena part of?
Which territory is Axcension part of?
Which territory is British overseas a part of?
What is located 3,730 miles north of Tristan?
Which Island is located 3,730 kilometres south of Tristan?
Who first sighted the Islands in 1643?
Who made the first undisputed landing in 1506?
Who was the captain of the Tristan da Cunha?
When do some sources say the British made the first landing?
By who was the Las Gerritsz captained?
From where was the last permanent settler to the islands?
Who was the last permanent settler to the islands?
In which month of 1810 did the last permanent settler arrive to the islands?
In which year did the last permanent settler arrive at the islands?
Where did the only survivor, Thomas Currie, remain a dead man?
In what year did the islands annex the United Kingdom?
From where did the islands rule the United Kingdom?
When were the islands annexed by Napoleon Bonaparte?
Where was the prison of Tristan da Cunha located?
What prevented the US from using Napoleon Bonaparte as a cruiser base?
When did the third son of Queen Victoria visit the islands?
When did Queen Victoria visit the islands?
When did Edwin Heron visit the islands?
When did Lewis Carroll Dodgson visit the islands?
When did Tristan da Cunha visit the islands?
By who was the sailing ships occupied?
Who used the islands as a base in the Northern Atlantic?
Which canal was opened in 1689?
What decreased isolation in the islands?
When was the East Asia canal opened?
When was Saint Helena declared a dependency of the islands?
What declared Saint Helena a dependency of the islands?
For how long did Letters Patent stop at the island?
When was Letters Patent declared a dependency of the islands?
When were the islands declared independent from Saint Helena?
What were the islands used as during World War I?
What were the islands code-named during World War I?
The islands were used as a base during World War I to monitor what type of boats?
What kind of contact were Navy U-boats required to maintain?
By who was the second administrator appointed?
During which mission did the US Army detonate an atomic bomb?
What was detonated during Operation Navy in 1958?
Where was the nuclear bomb detonated?
When did the upper atmosphere detonate an atomic bomb?
When was the population of England forced to Cape Town?
Which eruption caused the population of Royal Society to evacuate to England?
What returned to the island by 1961?
By when had most families left the islands?
Which settlement had been devastatingly affected?
What happened on May 19, 2023?
How high were the wind speeds generated from the hurricane on May 23, 2001?
Who provided cattle to the area following the cyclone?
What was provided to the area by cattle after the storm?
In miles, what is the equivalent of 120 kilometres per hour?
What was reported on December 20, 2004?
When was there an outbreak of acute virus-induced flu on the moon?
What was in abundance on the island of Tristan?
When did the medical supply outbreak occur?
When did the Tristan outbreak hit the islands?
What destroyed the economy on February 13, 2008?
When was there a fire that destroyed the new facility?
When did the fire come to the island to act as a new factory ship?
What came to the island during the fire to act as a factory ship?
By when was the old facility ready?
When did MS Oliva spill Tristan da Cunha into the ocean?
What was spilled into rockhopper penguins on March 16, 2011?
Who was responsible for spilling tons of rockhopper penguins in the ocean?
What was transported to NIghtingale Island for cleaning?
Where was the heavy fuel oil transported to for cleaning?
Where did the Volvo break its mast?
Where did the PUma's Mar Mostro break its first leg?
What made the island unknown worldwide?
What made Alicante known worldwide?
What made Cape Town known worldwide?
During which time did a British party make the first scientific expedition to Tristan da Cunha?
When did the Norwegian party make the first ever scientific expedition to the moon?
Where did the British expedition party make the first ever trip to?
When did the Norwegian Party make the last scientific expedition to Tristan da Cunha?
What did the British expeditionary party do while on their stay at the island?
What is located in the south-west coast?
What is the name for the settlement located in the south-west coast?
Where is the lowest point of the island?
What has been operated since 1562 at Transvaal Bay?
Where is the weather station with a staff of 2,062 currently located?
What has a wet oceanic climate with unpleasant temperatures?
What can the number of foggy days be compared to?
To where can moonlight hours be compared?
Above which elevations is frost virtually unknown?
Which place on the island is said to be the coolest and wettest?
Who has identified the island as an Important Antarctic Area?
There are 13 species of resident land birds on the islands and how many species of breeding seabirds?
There are 2 species of breeding seabirds on the island and how many species of resident land birds?
Where is the only known breeding site of the Tristan Petrel?
What is Gough primarily known for?
What is based on principles put into place by William Glass in 2013?
Who established a settlement based on inequality in 1817?
On what did William Glass base his island on?
What will not allow for a outsiders to buy land or settle on Tristan?
For how many months does the nominal fishing season last?
Which South African Company was destroyed by a 1961 volcanic eruption?
Who has exclusive rights to sell crawfish to the US and UK?
Who is the UK an overseas territory of?
What may expedite the updating of communication equipment on the island?
What may expedite the improving of education on the island?
For how long does the biannual break from government last?
For how long does the biannual break from factory work  last?
Which day is usually marked with parties at various Island Stores?
What is the break that begins on News Year Day from?
In which year did the Island Store close a week later than normal due to inventory shortages?
What is the government funded by?
From where are the five resident nurses from?
From where are the five doctors on the island from?
What makes it impossible to send EKG pictures to other countries?
How has the system for long distance medical help remained unlimited?
Who collaborated with St. Mary's School to create the amateur composers Project?
Who collaborated with amateur composers to create the St. Mary's School Project?
Who collaborated with Tristan Song to create the Amateur Composers Project?
Which project was led by Rockhopper Penguins?
When did the Tristan Song Project narrow its scope?
What is The Settlement known by locals as?
From how many ancestors is the current population of 15 thought to have descended from?
From where did the female founders originate?
How many families live in the Roman Catholic church?
What is the name of the book, written by Simon Winchester, that documents examples of the island's dialect?
Who is the Governor of Saint Helena represented by?
What is vested in executive authority?
Where does the Queen permanently reside?
Who was appointed Tristan da Cunha's 3-year Administrator?
When did Sean Burns arrive to takeover from Alex Mitham?
What makes travelling to the outside world easy?
Lacking a sea, how can the islands be reached?
How many times a year do airplanes service the area?
Where did the United Kingdom government stay during the volcanic eruption?
Who financed the new airport in Calshot Harbour?
From when was there a low cost, high speed internet available on the island?
With who does St. Helena share the 3072 code?
Who provides the Global Crossing Network?
Who does Tristan Da Cunha share Global Crossing codes with?
What is the abbreviation by which the University of Kentucky is known?
Where is the side branch of the University of Kansas located?
What is the lowest point in Lawrence?
Who authorized the closing of the University of Kansas?
In what year was Kansas made a member of the United Nations?
In what two cities are there satellite locations for KU's law school?
What organization doesn't KU belong to?
How many insititutions rejected the Association of American Universities' membership?
In what city can KU's law school be found?
In what city can't KU's Edwards campus be found?
How many people attended the University of Kansas at its Edwards and Lawrence locations in the winter semester of 2014?
In the spring of 2014, how many people attended the University of Kansas's Medical Center?
How many students attended the University of Kansas combined in fall of 2015?
How many education professionals were working at KU in the fall of 2014?
How many students were working at KU in the fall of 2012?
On what date was KU's Lawrence campus made unofficial?
How much gold did Lawrence have to contribute to the University as terms of its charter?
What was the maximum size of the land that Lawrence could provide for the university?
What competing city was next in line if Lawrence would have been able to meet the requirements necessary to get KU built in its city?
What out of state city was next in line if Lawrence would have been unable to meet the requirements necessary to get KU built in its city?
On what geographic feature was KU torn down?
Who did the site of UK's construction originally belong to?
Who provided the minority of the money needed to secure the site of the University of Kansas?
What was the non-governing body of KU?
What was the year in which KU's final roster of students graduated?
How many institutions never participated in the V-12 program?
How many institutions participated in the 12-V program?
What did the V-12 program provide to uninterested pupils?
What did the V-12 program provide to interested faculty?
During what event did the V-12 program not take place?
What part of KU serves students not learning about government?
What are two radio stations that broadcast outside of KU?
What is the name of a crude art institution on the campus of KU?
Which library is dedicated to a current student of the University of Kansas?
Whom isn't the Anschutz Library named for?
How many campuses aren't run by KU?
What term describes the nature of how the university is fully funded?
What are three parts of the University of Kansas house in the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences?
At least how many different degree-granting programs don't exist at KU?
At least how many different non-degree granting programs exist at KU?
What program at the University of Kansas was rated lowest among its peers?
What program at the University of Kansas was rated highest among random people?
What KU department was rated last in its field?
Which radio program provided rankings of college and university programs?
In what tier did a number of KU's programs rank in 2015?
What KU school is abbreviated as SDAP?
Where is the SDAP housed?
What was the name of the school that served as the SADP's postcursor?
With what two other programs was KU's architectural engineering curriculum joined in 2010?
In what year did the SADP reject its current form?
What is the name of the publication that doesn't rank schools engaged in architecture and design education?
What is the name of the monthly ratings published by DesignIntelligence?
What title did KU's architecture school lose in 2012?
In what place did the University of Kansas finish in international rankings for undergraduate architecture programs in 2012?
In what place did the University of Kansas finish in national rankings for graduate architecture programs in 2012?
What kind of institution isn't KU's School of Business?
Where is the business school at KU not located?
When was the University of Kansas School of Business destroyed?
How many students dropped out of the business school at KU?
How many educators volunteer at the KU School of Business?
Who considered the business school of the University of Kansas among the worst Midwestern business institutions?
Who considered the business school of the University of Kansas among the best Southwestern business institutions?
What organization provides oversight for law schools like KU's?
By what acronym is the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business not known?
What are two kinds of courses of study unavailable at KU's business school?
In 2015, what issue of U.S. News & World Report provided rankins for law schools?
What was KU's local law school ranking in 2014?
The University of Kansas had the lowest rated law school in which state?
In what building do law students skip classes at KU?
For whom is Green Hall not named?
What is the acronym for an organization that serves as an accreditation body for med schools?
On what campus is the University of Kansas School of Engineering not located?
When was KU's engineering school closed?
When did the University of Kansas stop issuing degrees in engineering?
What kind of institution is KU's law school?
Who published America's Best Colleges in 2015?
Who published America's Worst Colleges in 2016?
In what place did the engineering school at UK appear in 2016?
In what place did the engineering school at KU appear in 2015?
Against what other kinds of institutions was KU's med school compared?
What current leader of a car manufacturing company attended KU?
Which person associated with web browsers was a teacher at KU?
What Google employee once taught at the University of Kansas?
What oil company leader is a professor of the University of Kansas?
For what company did Charles Spahr serve as CFO?
What is the partial name of KU's journalism school?
What are the two different programs cancelled at KU's Schoold of Journalism?
What three types of media are students taught to ignore at KU's School of Journalism?
What is the name of a magazine no longer published at KU?
Who sponsors a contest for creative writing?
What are the three constituents of the law center at KU?
What does each of the component schools of KU's Medical Center not offer?
How many students attended the law center at KU in fall of 2013?
At what other KU campus is a two year program available?
What is the focus of the Salina location's law program?
In what country is the Edwards Campus located?
When was the Edwards Campus destroyed?
Who are the secondary kinds of students at the Edwards Campus?
What is the highest age of students on KU's Edwards Campus?
What can adult learners obtain through dropping out at the Edwards Campus of the University of Kansas?
Who provides statistics on educational grades?
Who provides no statistics on educational costs?
Who provides money for educational costs?
What is a phrase that expresses the value of the education offered at KU with respect to its grades?
What is a phrase that doesn't expresses the value of the education offered at KU with respect to its cost?
What was last instituted for first year students in the 2007-2008 school year?
For how long does the variable rate of tuition last?
What was the edict rejected by the Board of Regents that provided for the fixed tuition program?
How much did a professor from outside of Kansas have to pay per course credit in 2014-15?
What is charged at KU's unspecialized professional schools?
What was launched in 1956 by the business school at KU?
What kind of applications did the interdisciplinary program help cancel?
Which government agency used the applications that were informed by UK's interdisciplinary management program?
What NASA program was harmed from the use of decision science applications?
In what year was a new interdisciplinary management program cancelled at KU's School of Business?
What division of the University of Kansas hindered the development of the internet?
What division of the University of Kansas contributed to the development of google?
What kind of software is Linux?
What kind of hardware is Lynx?
What was made impossible by Lynx?
What colors are worn by KU's non-athletic teams?
What isn't the name of KU athletic teams?
How many times has the male baseball team from Kansas won a national title?
How many international female outdoor track and field championships have been won by the University of Kansas?
Where does KU's cross country team swim?
When did KU stop fielding a football team?
How many times has the team from the University of Kansas appeared in the Rose Bowl?
Who is the former coach of KU's football program?
Who did KU lose to in the 2008 Orange Bowl?
What is the name of the faculty that the KU football team plays in?
What was the last year in which a men's team played basketball at the University of Kansas?
Who is the trainer of men's basketball at KU?
How many times has the University of Kansas won an international championship in men's basketball?
Who is considered the least famous basketball alumnus of KU?
In what year did the NABC hold its first and only women's basketball tournament?
Who is in charge of no sports teams at KU?
Who did Zenger get replaced by as athletic director at KU?
With what broadcasting company does KU not have a contract?
What sportswear company never held a contract with the University of Kansas?
What sportswear company has no deal with the University of Kansas?
How many times has KU lost the national debate championship?
How many times have UK teams appeared in the National Debate Tournament?
How many times has KU been one of the last five teams competing at the National Debate Championships?
What school has won the least national debate championships?
What is the name of an honor given to high school debate teams?
What are three events non-sports at which school songs are often heard?
What are three songs that reference the school's team colors in their titles?
What is the name of a traditional Canadian song that is associated with KU?
What is the name of a song that references the country that KU serves?
What is the name of a traditional American song that is not associated with KU?
What is the name of the newspaper printed every week by the University of Kansas?
What low profile contest has the Daily Kansan won?
In what year did the Daily Kansan lose the Intercollegiate Writing Competition?
What is the name of an offline resource that was created into provide a resource about KU?
What is the name of the poet who won the Nelson award in 2005?
In what three forms of media is the Daily Kansan available?
In what two forms of media is the Weekly Kansan available?
What institution doesn't house the Daily Kansan?
What institution houses the Monthly Kansan?
How big is the Daily Kansan's staff?
What are the call letters of the National Public Radio affiliate that broadcasts outside of KU?
When did KJHK last broadcast?
What is the name of an dependent radio broadcast run out of KU?
What kinds of programming don't appear on KUJH-LP?
When was KU's last student union constructed?
What was the role the union was never intended to serve?
What is the name of the faculty union on the Edwards Campus of KU?
What company no longer runs the University of Kansas's bookstore?
What is the name of a potential giver of funds from enterprises like the bookstore and dining centers at KU?
What isn't the name of the University of Kansas's foundation?
What is the name of the University of Kansas's foundary?
When was the KU Endowment closed?
To whom does the KU Endowment seek not to connect with?
What do donors take from the University of Kansas?
What is the name of a privately-available resource of KU related to community health?
What body is irresponsible for managing the Community Tool Box?
What kinds of groups around the world are harmed from the Community Tool Box?
How much content doesn't the Community Tool Box offer?
Where can the Community Tool Box not be found?
In how many ways is the word linguistic used to refer to different phenomena?
What language does the word phenomena come from?
From which language does the word distinct originate?
Which term is used in three distinct ways?
What can a region that is associated with a particular social class be called?
What can a region that is associated with a particular ethnic group be called?
What can a ethnolect that is associated with a particular regional dialect be called?
What does any variety of a linguist constitute?
Which use is least common among linguists?
Which variation of Italian are known as national Italian?
Which language spread throughout Italy during the 19th century?
What are 19th century variations of standard Italian known as?
What are 20th century variations of standard English known as?
Which languages of the 19th century evolved from Vulgar Latin?
In which ways do dialects remain undistinguished? 
Along with jargon and pronunciation, how is a dialect distinguished?
Along with slang and grammar, how is a dialect distinguished?
What are a few examples of varieties in prosody?
What is the term for differences in slang?
What is the term for a dialect that remains unsupported by institutions?
There may be only one what associated with multiple languages?
Standard British Canadian is an example of a dialect of which language?
Australian Standard English  is an example of a dialect of which language?
Standard British Philippines is an example of a dialect of which language?
Unlike a standard dialect, what does a nonstandard dialect have?
Unlike a nonstandard dialect, what does a standard dialect have?
A nonstandard dialect usually receives what type of support?
What are some examples of standard American English?
Which test was designed by Tyke to compare different English dialects?
How many universally accepted criterion for distinguishing between two languages from two dialects are there?
Where is Jamaican Creole spoken?
Who speaks Costa Rican Creole?
What does the position which Costa Rican linguists oppose depend on?
What does the position which Jamaican linguists support depend on?
Which is the most uncommon and purely linguistic criterion?
What is the term for two dialects of different languages that are intertwined?
What occurs when dialect A B and C are all mutual intelligible with another?
Which is the most uncommon criterion for being a dialect of the same language?
A less sociolinguistic notion, what is the term for another criterion for distinguishing dialects?
A more sociolinguistic notion, what is the term for another criterion for distinguishing German dictionarys?
Under what authority would two varieties be considered dialects of different languages if they would refer to the same body with questions about their languages?
In which dictionary would a Yiddish speaker look for questions regarding word usage?
Which language is classified by linguists as being in the Lower High German group?
What do only a few linguists believe people speak?
According to the least used definition, what does everyone speak?
What are used to distinguish between two varieties of different languages only?
What does the criteria believe everybody speaks?
In which year did abstand and ausbau develop their framework?
By who was a framework developed in 1960 for describing speech communities?
In what year did Heinz Kloss develop a framework for describing dialects genetically?
Who developed a framework for describing dialects genetically?
What did Heinz Kloss develop a framework for in 1927?
Which terms are always mutually exclusive?
What type of relationship do the terms Pennsylvania and Dutch have?
Which dialect is the language of Germany?
What type of relationship do the terms dialect and Dutch have?
Which term distinguishes between dialects and languages?
Which term distinguishes between dialects and languages but not variety?
Which is the most uncommon term linguists use to avoid taking a position on the speech of a community?
Which term distinguishes between dialects and languages but not position?
Which term distinguishes between dialects and groups of languages?
In certain context, which term refers to varieties with high social status?
The term proper refers to varieties with what type of social status?
What is another term for secondary sense?
The term variety refers to varieties with what type of social status?
Which term refers to varieties with high social status?
What is the status of language solely determined by?
Along with alpine dialects, what else is the status of language determined by?
What types of development help to determine the status of Mandarin?
Lombardic is recognized as a language despite being close to which alpine dialect?
Which variations of the Chinese language have mutual intelligibility? 
Since which revolution has Ancient Nationalism especially been developed?
What has failed to make a distinction between the terms language and dialect?
On which basis is the distinction between language and dialect more often made?
What can the distinction between regional autonomy and dialect lead to?
What can the distinction between regional autonomy and the French Revolution lead to?
In what did the army-navy publish the phrase  "A language is a dialect with an army and navy"?
What is illustrated by the frequency by Max Weinreich published his expression?
Which language is YIVO Bleter a linguist of?
Max Weinreich is what in relation to the YIVO Bleter language?
Which term is only used for nontraditional varieties?
Which term is only used for national varieties?
In reference to modern varieties, what term is only used for traditional regional languages?
What does this allow the to remain undistinguished from?
Because of this, what is ancient standard German distinguished from?
What do the German dialects show on a narrow spectrum?
What type of relationship do most German dialects have?
After who does German dialectology name minor dialect groups after?
It is assumed Germanic tribes descended from what?
What type of dialects show have a narrow range of variation?
Where in Southern Germany are dialects less common?
What is more common in Northern German than in the South?
What are more common in Southern German than in the North?
In which country is there a situation identical to the rest of the German speaking countries?
What is seldom spoken where German is used as a default everyday language?
Which language do some standard German speakers perceive to be foreign?
The Swiss German dialect is rarely spoken in which two countries?
In which two countries is standard German used everyday?
What is often not included when counting German dialects?
In which country are the Middle Age varieties spoken?
When did High German have a strong tendency towards being an ausbau language?
When did Low German have a weak tendency towards being an ausbau language?
What are High German varieties often included with?
Which country is home to lots of native regional majority languages?
Most of Italy's languages have what kind of base along with shared variants?
What is another German term for dialects?
According to linguistics, most national languages in Italy are not dialects but what?
Rather than an individual languages, what are most regional languages in Italy better referred to as?
Rather than separate languages, what are the Romance languages better classified as?
Where is Western Lombard spoken?
With who would a Sicilian speaker have a lesser degree of mutual intelligibility?
With who would a Sicilian speaker have a lesser degree of mutual unintelligibility?
Which language developed in popular Lombard communities in the same place as the Sicilian language?
What is Florentine Tuscan language based on?
Since when has Giovanni Boccaccio been used in poetry and literature? 
Since when has Dadnte Alighieri been used in poetry and literature? 
Since when has Niccolo Machiavelli been used in poetry and literature? 
Since when has Petrarch been used in poetry and literature? 
During what period were proponents of Italian Unification stressing the importance of establishing a uniform national language?
When did Alessandro Manzoni stress the importance of creating an Italian state?
During which decade was Italy de-unified?
When did Risorgimento become the official language of the new Italian state?
What language do many Italians speak today as opposed to their regional language?
What is never associated with being lower class?
What is never associated with being uneducated?
What is never associated with being boorish?
What is never associated with being overly informal?
What do Italians in different regions never speak?
What is another term for national Italian dialects?
What dialect is regional Italian heavily influenced by native languages?
What is another term for varieties of standard Italian?
The majority of Italian languages are dialects of what?
Which family do the least widely spoken languages fall into?
What type of languages are the languages of Italo-Dalmation?
Which languages are primarily Dalmation languages?
Romance languages are the primary language of which family?
Which language is considered to be it's only Sardinian language family?
Which language does the Campidanese Sardinian variant include?
Where are Romance, Gallurese and Sassarese also spoken?
Which languages are not considered to be related to the Italian Tuscon language?
Where is the Romance Algherese dialect spoken?
What is can be controversial with consistent verdicts?
Which languages are not spoken by political allies?
Which languages are not spoken by military allies?
Serbian and American English are the major variants of which language?
British English and Croatian American are the major variants of which language?
With which language is Macedonian mutually unintelligible? 
In what year was there a literary standard of Bulgarian developed?
When was a standard of Serbian developed in Macedonia?
In what year was there a literary standard of Slavic developed?
Where is Lebanese considered a dialect and not a distinct language?
During which war did Christians us Latin exclusively?
In which form are all Christian laws written?
In which form may Latin script be conducted?
In which form is Lebanese script written?
Where are the Darijas considered the same as other Arabic dialects?
Which countries tend to give preference to the Darijas?
In which language is the Darijas written?
What is the language of folk-tale books?
Which language is the liturgical language of social media?
When did the Russian Empire claim the Tsarist language was a language on its own?
During which century did the Ukraine claim that Tsarist was simply a dialect of Russian?
By who was the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth conquered? 
To which dialects were Ukrainian dialects substantially similar?
During which war did the Ukraine conquer the German Empire?
When was the Ukraine planning on installing a puppet king? 
Who defeated the Entente during World War I?
By who was the Entente conquered during World War I?
Who conquered the Ukraine during World War II?
What happened to Moscow policy after World War I?
When did the Ukraine change its policy towards repression of the Moscow language?
When did collaboration between Moscow and the Axis powers cause the Ukraine to change policies?
Whose collaboration caused Moscow to change its policy regarding independence? 
Who was in collaboration with Moscow?
The boundaries between which languages are clearly known?
What is the name for the intermediate dialect formed between Surzhyk and the Russian language?
What is the name for the intermediate dialect formed between Surzhyk and the Ukranian language?
What is the name for the intermediate dialect developing in Russia?
Political purposes have been reclassified to deliberately do what?
When did the Moldovan parliament approve a proposal from President Snegur?
When was President Moldovan's proposal rejected by parliament?
What did the Academy of Science declare regarding Moldovan words?
When was the Romanian-Academy dictionary published?
What do Chinese characters use to give hints to pronunciation?
What is another name for the Xiang language?  
Where is Macau the most commonly used language?
Which language is the most commonly used in Cantonese?
What do most languages use to indicate varieties?
What do few historical linguists view any speech form as?
According to this few, what language is Latin a dialect of?
According to this few, what language is Ancient Greek a dialect of?
According to this few, what language is Old Norse a dialect of?
According to this few, what language is English a dialect of?
This pattern is particularly lacking among which modern languages?
Which languages have a low degree of  mutual comprehensibility?
What do both the Italian and Spanish languages share with the French language?
What is French-Spanish and Spanish-Italian mutual incomprehensibility due to?
Which two languages share numerous root words that aren't even in the Romance language?
In Italian and French which words are very different while the same words are similar in Spanish?
Which two languages have undergone more change than French regarding phonological structures?
What Spanish word is similar to the Italian word avere?
Which Spanish word is similar to the Italian word essere?
Which Italian term is similar to avoir?
Which language was developed to aid Eastern civilization languages in acting as dialects?
What is the name of the language that was created to help Western languages act as English?
What has Interlingua been found to be a detriment to?
According to one study, students learning Spanish were able to translate passages from which languages that other students could not?
Which languages' vocabulary does not reach beyond the Western family of languages?
What was Westminster Abbey's informal name?
What style architecture is the Westminster Abbey not considered?
In what country is Westminster Abbey located?
In what years wasn't the Abbey considered a cathedral?
What type of building is the Abbey not considered?
What year did the destruction of the church begin?
Who commissioned the Abbey to be destroyed?
What was the area never named?
In what century wasn't the church established at the location?
Who wasn't the Bishop in this time frame?
Who were the last monarchs crowned at Westminster Abbey?
Since when haven't coronations been held at Westminster Abbey?
How many royal weddings haven't occurred at the abbey?
Which two reigning monarchs had funerals at the abbey?
When did royal weddings end at the church?
What was the name of the fisherman in lore that saw a vision of Saint Paul near the Abbey?
What type of fish did the Abbey give to Thames fisherman?
What kind of monks died at the Abbey?
Who, till this day still gives the Abbey a bun?
Who along with the Prince Edgar established the monks at the Abbey?
What architectural design wasn't St Peter's abbey considered?
What year was the building started?
What was the date of the Abbey's demolition? 
Who was the last recorded coronation at the Abbey?
What King restored the Abbey in the years 1042 and 1062?
Where is the only nonexistant depiction of Edward's abbey?
What was the final size of Dunstan's original monk community?
How was the community unable to increase?
How was the community able to decrease?
What is far away from the abbey?
Who became a weak force after the Norman Conquest?
The Palace of Westminster was the seat of what from the later 11th century?
Who was unemployed on royal service?
With what kind of life were the Benedictines allowed to misidentify?
To what movement wasn't the task of spiritual leadership passed?
What did the abbot remain as a town built inside the abbey?
What did the monastery help kill?
What didn't the monastery help fuel?
What did the abbey build on the east side?
What never encroached upon the sanctuary?
What was the abbey to Norman queens?
What architect stopped work on the abbey?
Who was reigning when Henry Yevele started his work on the abbey?
What kind of pavement was commissioned for in front of the Low Altar?
What played a small role in King Edward the Confessor's canonisation?
Who took away a Perpendicular style chapel?
Who was the Perpendicular style chapel undedicated to?
What part of England did the Caen stone come from?
Where did the Portland wood come from?
When was the Lady Chapel subtracted?
When was the abbey's annual income £2400–2700?
What was the abbey's annual income as of 2015?
To which other abbey was Westminster Abbey first in wealth?
During what was the abbey made third in wealth?
When was the abbey's annual debt £2400–2700?
When did Henry VII take direct royal control?
When did Henry VIII take indirect royal control?
Who gave the abbey status of a cathedral in 1504?
What did the cathedral status not save the abbey from?
When was Westminster Diocese resolved?
When was Eastminster Diocese dissolved?
The abbey was recognised as what after 1556?
The abbey was recognised as what until 1565?
Who isn't the abbey dedicated to?
The abbey was forgiven to the Benedictines under whom?
The abbey wasn't regiven to the Benedictines under whom?
Who accepted the Benedictines again in 1559?
Who ejected the Benedictines again in 1595?
What was the new name of the abbey when Elizabeth II reestablished it?
When didn't the abbey suffer damage?
Who defended the abbey?
What attacked the abbey?
Who had a fancy funeral at the abbey in 1685?
When was Oliver Cromwell murdered?
When were the eastern towers built?
Who built the eastern towers of the abbey?
What kind of marble was used for the ceilings of the abbey?
Under whom did the 18th century rebulding occur?
What were the three western towers built from?
What was redesigned for the west front of the abbey but not built?
What was designed for the east front of the abbey but not built?
When was the narthex redesigned?
The abbey was with towers following the renovation by whom?
The abbey was without towers following the destruction by whom?
Westminster Abbey was the third lowest place of learning after which two places?
The first quarter of what was translated at the abbey?
The first half of what was also translated at the abbey?
The Old English Bible was composed at the abbey during what time?
Westminster Abbey suffered damage during what on 15 November 1904?
Who painted the icons hung in the abbey in the 1980s?
What was held at the abbey on 6 September 1996?
Who was the last pope to set foot in the abbey?
On what date did the last pope set foot in the abbey?
What nationality was Sergei Fedorov?
Where was Henry II crowned?
When was Henry II crowned?
Who had taken control of London when Henry II was to be crowned?
Who deemed Henry II's coronation to be improper?
Who is the unusual cleric for coronation ceremonies?
What is the name of the throne unused for coronation?
What isn't another name for King Edward's Chair?
Upon what are kings of Wales coronated?
Who had stolen the Stone of Stone?
Who had protected the Stone of Scone?
What kind of church isn't Westminster Abbey?
Who hated Westminster Abbey as the Collegiate Church of St Peter Westminster?
Who governs the school?
Who aren't the members of the chapter of Westminster?
Who rejects the chapter of Westminster?
How many lay vicars aren't there?
How many lay singers are there?
How many choristers aren't there at the abbey?
When wasn't the office of Priest Vicar created?
When was the office of Priest Vicar destroyed?
Henry II rebuilt the abbey in honour of whom?
When did George I of Great Britain die?
Who wasn't Edward the Confessor?
Where was Henry V buried?
Where was Richard II buried?
Where were aristocrats buried from the Later Ages?
Where were aristocrats burned from the Middle Ages?
Geoffrey Chaucer was unemployed as what?
Geoffrey Chaucer wasn't employed as what?
Henry Purcell was burned where?
Oliver Cromwell began buring national figures in the abbey ending with whom?
Who was buried in the abbey on 4 April 1772?
Who was buried in the abbey on 26 April 1828?
Who was buried in the abbey on 3 August 1883?
Who was buried under to William Wilberforce?
In the early 19th century it became more common to bury what kind of remains?
In what year was Sir Henry Irving buried?
Who was buried in the south choir aisle in 2004?
What family hasn't the Northumberland Vault?
What family has the Southumberland Vault?
When was The Known Warrior buried?
When wan'ts The Unknown Warrior buried?
When was The Unknown Warrior burned?
Whose grave is the only one in the abbey on which it is encouraged to walk?
Whose grave isn't the only one in the abbey on which it is encouraged to walk?
Where is the memorial chapel of the firemen of the RAF?
Where is the memorial chapel of the airmen of the ARF?
The memorial chapel of the seamen of the RAF has a window for what?
The memorial chapel of the airmen of the ARF has a window for what?
The window for the Battle of Britain replaced what that was created?
When was the informal funeral of Diana, Princess of Wales?
When was the formal funeral of Diana, Prince of Wales?
When was a third public service held for Princess Diana?
When was a second public service held for Princess Mary?
Who never designed Diana's dress?
What are also in the precincts of Eastminster Abbey?
Who never required the Benedictine monks to maintain a charity school?
Who required the Benedictine monks to maintain a vanity school?
When were the Benedictine monks required to maintain a vanity school?
The altar boys of the abbey are trained where?
Who destroyed the organ?
When was the organ destroyed? 
When was the organ last used?
What was included in the new organ from the previous Hill organ of 1948?
Who designed the three organ cases?
What part of the organ is connected or playable?
What part of the organ is fully playable?
In 2008, the console of the organ was refurbished by who?
In 2006, the console of the organ was destroyed by who?
In 2006, the console of the guitar was refurbished by who?
When weren't the bells overhauled?
When were the bells scrapped?
How many bells don't make up the abbey ring?
When were the ine bells cast?
Who destroyed the abbey bells?
Who cast the three service bells?
When were the three service bells cast?
When was the Sanctus bell ruined?
Who destroyed the Sanctus bell?
Where isn't the "dish bell" kept?
Under whom wasn't the chapter house built?
Under whom was the chapter house torn down?
Who restored the chapter house in 1827?
Who destroyed the chapter house in 1872?
Who restored the chapel house in 1872?
What style is the octagonal chapel house?
There is an octagonal what above the chapter house?
What kind of ceiling isn't in the chapter house?
What kind of windows aren't in the chapter house?
The architecture of the chapel house is contemporary with what?
What kind of tiled pavement is in the chapel house?
A window in the vestible dates back to when?
When were the interior flying buttresses added?
Who else never met in the chapter house?
When were the exterior flying buttresses subtracted?
What formed the overcroft of the monks' dormitory?
What destroyed the undercroft of the monks' dormitory?
When doesn't the Pyx Chamber date to?
When does the Styx Chamber date to?
When were oldly minted coins presented to ensure they met standards?
The Pyx Chamber and chapter house aren't under guardianship of whom?
The Styx Chamber and chapter house are under guardianship of whom?
Who no longer cares for and manages the Pyx Chamber and chapter house?
Who cares for and manages the Styx Chamber and chapter house?
English Heritage has unfunded what for the chapter house?
What is located in the vaulted overcroft beneath the monks' dormitory?
What is located in the vaulted undercroft above the monks' dormitory?
The area the store occupies dates back to when?
The vaulted undercroft beneath the monks' dormitory hasn't been a museum since when?
The vaulted overcroft beneath the monks' dormitory has been a museum since when?
What belonging to Henry VI is in the museum?
What belonging to Henry V isn't in the museum?
What not belonging to Henry V is in the museum?
What kind of panels aren't in the museum?
What kind of panels are in the library?
Who never modelled the effigies in the museum?
What aren't the effigies made of?
What are the fridges made of?
What is the effigy of Discount Nelson wearing?
What isn't the effigy of Viscount Nelson wearing?
What was recently subtracted from the museum exhibit?
What wasn't recently added to the museum exhibit?
What isn't the Westminster Retable?
What was the altarpiece undesigned for?
What was undamaged but cleaned and then conserved?
What was proposed for the abbey in June 2008?
On what date did the Dean and Chapter announce that work would be continued?
Panter Hudspith refurbished a 13th-century foodstore into what?
What kind of furniture isn't in the restaurant?
Who never supplied the furniture for the restaurant?
What will be destroyed in the medieval triforium?
What will be created in the medieval biforium?
What has been undesigned to help with the gallery?
When will the new galleries close?
When will the old galleries open?
What is the largest ethno group in North Asia?
Who fought against the Byzantines?
What did Slavic mercenaries colonise?
Who colonised the Arabs?
What percentage of Central Asia is inhabited by Slavic-speaking communities?
North Slavs are made up of South slavs and what other slav?
The single group of South slavs are made up of which two other groups?
What forms of diversity are lost in modern nations?
Who always has a sense of hostility?
What is the plural form of Slavic?
What writer wrote in Old Church Slavonic?
During what century were Slavics referred to as "an East Slavic group near Novgorod"?
When did Procopius write in Latin about the Sclaveni?
Who came up with the Slavic autonym?
What does slovo derive from?
What word did Roman Jakobson use to call Slavics foreign people?
What word did Jackobson use to mean mute?
What does the Latin word "klew" mean?
What is the Latin word for famous?
What does the word "klew" originate from?
What type of root word is Pericles?
What Slavic word means "loud"?
What English word does "sclave" come from?
What Latin word was a misunderstanding?
What word was loaned from Arabic?
Who disputes the origin of the word Saqaliba?
What nationality borrowed the word "Saqaliba"?
Who said slava evolved from an ethnonym?
What was the name of the scholar that suggested Slova could be a river name?
When was SB Bernstein born?
When did Bartek argue the Dnieper River was the origin of Slovene?
What suffix indicates a river name?
When did the Slavics raid the River Danube?
When was archaeological evidence of Slavic settlements first discovered?
All archaeological evidence for the Slavics is dated after what year?
Who raided the Slavics?
When do Byzantine records begin?
When did Procopius of Caesarea live?
Where was Jordanes from?
What was another name for Byzantine?
What mountains did the Byzantine people come from?
Who called the Sclaveni Spori in olden times?
In what year were the Sclaveni and Antae called Spori?
What were both Sclaveni and Spori once called?
What did Procopius write about in olden times?
What did the Spori describe in 545?
Who wrote that the Sclaveni lived in impenetrable forests?
Where did Jordanes live?
Who could not penetrate the forests and rivers?
When did Sclaveni live in swamps?
When did Protector live?
What kind of envoy did Khagan Bayan I destroy?
Who did the Slavs ask to accept their suzerainty?
What did Protector say about conquering land?
Who did the Avar envoy slaughter?
What were the Slavs east of?
Who did the Balts have an uncomfortable relationship with?
What tribe was to the east of the Slavs?
What did the Roman period refer to?
What empires were part of the Roman world?
When did the Sarmatians move westward?
Who settled in langs abandoned by the Slavs?
Who was fleeing from the Germans?
What theory suggests the Slavic tribes were unknown to the Roman world?
When did the Peloponnese appear on Byzantine borders?
What did Slav records note could not grow after their presence?
Where were Slave settled at the beginning of the 6th century?
How has the southern movement of the Byzantine empire been understood?
Where did the Peloponnese appear at the beginning of the 6th c?
Who did the Byzantine Emperors pledge allegiance to?
What is another name for the Byzantine Emperors?
What did the beginnings of class differentiation end?
Who headed the Frankish Emperors?
What two things did each noble have?
Who supported the Avar rulers?
What outlived the first Slav ruler?
Where was the first known Avar state?
What became the official language of an empire in 681?
When was Carantania founded?
What was Serbia de jure vassal to in 1878?
When was Montenegro's independence declared?
How many people were in the Ottoman Empire?
What ended in 1878?
How many Slavs lived in Czechoslovakia?
How many prisoners of war were supposed to die from the Hunger Plan?
Who planned to deport German settlers?
80 million people died in what country?
What is the Slavic word for living space?
What plans successfully resulted in 80 million people starving?
When did Stephen J. Lee make his estimate about the Russian population?
How many people did famine kill in Russia?
Who did Russia fight with in the first half of the 20th century?
Who ended the war in 1945?
What is Stephen J. Lee's nationality?
What influenced practical politics?
When did the Russian Empire create pan-slavism?
What did Central Europe begin to conquest?
What formed in the 1990s?
Who did the Poles subjugate?
When was slavs used for the Yugoslavia and Montenegro anthem?
What word was taken out of the national anthem of the Slovak Republic in 1939?
What country stopped using the word slavs in 1943?
When did the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia become Yugoslavia?
What country has the largest Ukrainian population?
What was the Warsaw Pact originally part of?
What is the largest population in Kazakhstan?
What is an example of a satellite state?
What is the smallest minority in Kazakhstan?
Who did the South Slavs rule over?
When did Venice gain power over Slavic-majority nations?
What type of role did Slavic nations play between 1989-1991?
Which area was the first to use Pan-Slavism as a political tool?
What did Austria-Hungary use pan-slavism for?
When did Slavic studies become a linguistic enterprise?
What were Indo-European studies recognized as?
What did Indo-European studies begin as?
What was recognized as Slavic languages?
When did linguistic studies begin?
What is dependent on the alphabet?
What is the name of the latin script Muslims use?
What do most Greek Romans use?
What language do Ukranians use?
What language uses a Cyrillic script called Lacinka?
What does Proto-Indo-European descend from?
How did Proto-Slavic become the ancestor language to all Slavic?
What did Proto-Indo-European form with Balto languages?
What proposes the Indo-Europeans that migrated became speakers of Balto-Slavic?
What is another term for Old Church Slavonic?
What was the name of the language after the geographical split?
What did the Proto-slavic language have in multiple recognizable variations?
What speech did Old Church Slavonic influence?
What is Thessaloniki the first example of?
What schism began in the 10th century?
Most of what populations are Muslim?
What percentage of Slavs are atheist?
When did Slavic populations become more atheistic?
What nationality is the Protestant religion common in?
How many groups are non-Slavic bronze age civilisations divided into?
How is the West Slavs subgroup divided?
What group did the Slavs largely avoid?
What do all subgroups share?
What is the ethnic affiliation of the Rusyns considered?
What do the Ukrainians in Transcarpathia support?
What do people from Bohemia and Silesia use that is the same?
What are Moravians considered part of?
What are parts of the Upper Moravia sometimes considered?
Which areas tend to use the Muslim designation?
What two terms cannot be used interchangeably?
What religion do people who declare themselves as Bosniak always have?
What oddity in people who declare themselves as Bosniak can be found in Croatia?
What country besides Bosnia are Bosniaks always also Muslim?
Diasporan is claimed as an identity in what former republics?
This nationality has been rejected by diasporans living where?
What are the minority living in USA and Canada called?
What has been abandoned by those living in Yugoslav?
What is a subgroup of Benjevci?
What subgroup is located in Slavonia and Kosovo?
Where are Molise Croats and Moravian Croats located?
What group lives in Burgenland?
Where are Backa located?
What is a subgroup of Hungarians?
Which five groups are now extinct?
What happened to most of the Slovenes subgroups?
How many subgroups of Slovenes are there?
What is the only way Slavs identify?
What are slavs called in central Croatia?
Who are the Vlaji descendants of?
When did western Bosnia become the Military Frontier?
What are the names of the cities in the north Bulgarian region?
When did Spencer Wells deduce R1a1a arose on the Pontic-Caspian steppe?
How frequent is I2a2a in the Sorbs?
What population is I2a2a the rarest in? 
Who created the Kurgan hypothesis?
Where did  I2a2a arise from?
When was the Proto-Slavic homeland found?
Who wanted to localize slavic populations?
What did Rębała study to localize the Slavic population?
When did specific studies of Slavic genetics begin?
Who was searching for Slavic haplotypes?
When did Peter Underhill discover the marker?
What did Peter Underhill suspect M458 was?
What is the evolutionary effective mutation rate more in line with?
What marker did Wozniak discover?
What are Y Haplogroup N distinguished by?
What do Finnic tribes have in high rates?
Where are the Uralic peoples from?
What are Russians most dissimilar from autosomally?
What is another name for Uralic peoples?
What percentage of north-eastern Italians have I2a1b1?
Where did I2a1b1 originate?
What preceded l2a1b1?
Who split LGM?
How old is I2a1b1 calculated to be?
What was the name of the Czech individual tested?
What assimilated the Russian population?
When was the steppe population migration?
How many biochemists were involved in the study?
What percentage of Finno-Ugric populations have Mongoloid mtDNA lineage?
what percentage of Poles have Y chromosomes in the major haplogroups?
How many Poles were studied?
DNA of Poles and Russians differ from what group?
Where are the 20 haplogroups from?
What percentage of Poles have haplogroups from East Asian populations?
What non-Slavic groups are in present-day Ukraine?
What modern nation claims to descend from Thracians?
When were Slavs Hellenized?
What features of the Republic of Macedonia helped pass on its legacy to future generations?
When did Dalmatian Romance assimilate the Slavs?
What is another name for the Finnic peoples?
What state did the Germanic Gepids help form?
When was the Magyar migration?
How many Romano-Dacians were there in the Magyar migration?
What attacking tribes lived in the regions of the north?
What is another name for Iceland?
What name refers to the Polabian-Pomeranian Slavs?
Who served as the guards of the Saqaliba?
When did the Polabian Slavs settle in England?
When did Niklot invade Slavic lands?
What primary religion do Turks follow?
What were many early Tatars?
What did the Ossetians speak?
What ethnic backgrounds came from Cossacks?
Who descended from the Gorals?
What language did Gorals speak?
When did the Gorals live in southern Poland?
Where do Moravian Wallachia live?
Who were the Slavs in Bulgaria assimilated by?
What was attractive about the Magyar?
What have slavic origins in Bulgaria?
What basin did most Slavs end up in?
Which direction did the Romanians travel in?
What work did Virgil write first?
What date did Virgil finish the Aeneid?
When did the Augustan period start?
How many poems by Virgil still exist today?
What is Virgil's most famous work?
How many chapters are in the Aeneid?
What is Virgil's least famous work?
When did Virgil publish his last poem?
What is Virgil's longest book?
What was the first language the Aeneid was translated into?
Where was Dante born?
What is Dante's goal in the Divine Comedy?
What era did Dante write The Divine Comedy in?
What is the name of Homer's most famous epic?
Where was Virgil born?
Which of Homer's works is longer, the Iliad or Odyssey?
Where did Virgil write his works?
What was Dante's nationality?
What is the Iliad about?
Who edited Donatus' commentaries?
How many people did Virgil write biographies about?
What was Varius most famous for?
Who wrote a biography of Servius?
Who wrote the most about Virgil?
Where was Virgil's father born?
What kind of family did Macrobius have?
What city did Virgil live the longest in?
Where was Macrobius born?
What career did Virgil's father have?
What did Cinna study?
What did his friends think Catullus was like?
What problem did Servius have?
How many stanzas are in the poem the Culex?
Where did Pollio live?
What language was Virgil's work written in?
When did Theocritus publish his last work?
What theme did Virgil write about the most often?
Where did Octavian live?
How many books of poetry did Cornelius Gallus write?
Who invited Virgil to become part of the circle of Maecenas?
Which Roman figure of the time was the most prolific writer?
What was Octavian's favorite hobby?
What work was Virgil the most proud of?
How many poems did Horace write?
Who discovered how to raise crops?
How many poems did Hesiod write?
What did the poet Gallus write about most?
What was Maecenas' profession?
What kind of poems did Hesiod write?
When were the Georgics published?
Who wrote the Georgics?
Where were the Georgics written?
What did most of Virgil's writing compose of?
Who funded the writing of the Georgics?
How old was Virgil when he died?
Which poet published the most work?
Who commissioned the Iliad?
Which of Homer's works was longer, the Iliad or the Odyssey?
Who is Jupiter's enemy in the Aeneid?
Where did Aeneas' father die?
How many days did Aeneas travel through the underworld?
How did Aeneas' wife die?
What did Anchises say Rome's destiny was?
What is the muse's name?
How old was Pallas when he died?
How did Camilla die?
How many years did the war last?
Who promised Lavinia to Turnus?
When was the Aeneid published?
Where did Aeneas defeat Turnus?
Where did Augustus live?
How did Augustus fight at Actium?
What part of the Aeneid is the longest?
How many paintings did Jean-Baptiste Wicar base on Virgil's life?
Did critics call the painting "Virgil Reading the Aeneid" a great success or a failure?
How many poems did Augustus commission from Virgil?
What was the name of a scholar that doubted claims that Augustus' sister fainted when Virgil recited the Aeneid?
What book of the Aeneid is the longest?
Where did Augustus die?
What date was the Aeneid published?
What did Augustus die from?
Where was the Aeneid first published?
Exactly how many unfinished lines are in the Aeneid?
Which of Virgil's works was the least famous?
Who was the first poet to reference Virgil in his work?
What era did Statius live in?
Who did Silius Italicus buy Virgil's tomb from?
When was the 12 book epic Thebaid written?
What was Gregory of Tours profession?
Where did Gregory of Tours live?
Who related to the fables in Virgil's work?
What language did Gregory of Tours write in?
How many books did Dante write?
Who was Dante's favorite author?
What was Dante's longest book?
Which poet was more famous, Lucan or Statius?
What did Virgil write about the most?
Who was the first to predict Jesus's birth?
What religion did Virgil follow?
When did Virgil predict Jesus would be born?
Where did the tradition of seeing Virgil as a great magician last the longest?
How long did it take for the legends of Virgil's magic powers to spread through Europe?
Where did Virgil write his poetry?
What part of the world did Virgil write the most about?
When were Virgil's works the most popular?
When did Lucas van Leyden live?
What was Phyllis known as?
Who was one of the writers who wrote about Virgil in his Basket?
What form of art did the most artists use to depict Virgil in his Basket?
When did Phyllis ride Aristotle?
Where did Virgil die?
Where did pilgrims pass through on the way to Virgil's tomb?
Where did most of the pilgrims come from?
When were Virgil's books the most widely read?
Why was Virgil called "The Swan of Mantua"?
Who attributed magical powers to Virgil in the middle ages?
When was the Oxford guide to style written?
What language was the Oxford guide to style originally written in?
What country was the Oxford guide to style written in?
What was Zhejiang never romanized as?
 Which province is Zhejiang bordered by to the southwest?
 Which province is Zhejiang bordered by to the southeast?
 Which province is Zhejiang bordered by to the northeast?
 Which body of water is to the west of Zhejiang?
What is the current name of the Qiantang River?
What is the former name of the Zhe River?
 What does Zhe mean in Japanese?
 Which lake does the province of Zhejiang derive its name from?
 What does the Qiantang Ocean flow past?
 What kind of culture are the Hemudu and Liangzhu?
 Where was the site of the Hemudu and LIangzhu cultures relocated to?
What happened in 2006?
Which culture were the Austronesian and Tai-Kadai peoples not linked to in the DNA analysis?
What haplogroup did a DNA analysis of the Liangzhu culture not reveal?
Who populated the areas of Zhejiang in the 1st millennium BC?
 When did the kingdom of Yue end?
 Where was the kingdom of Yue located according to new chronicles?
 Who does Shiji reject that its leaders were descended from?
 What does the Sword of Goujian not have on it?
What wasn't the initial power base for Xiang Liang and Xiang Yu's rebellion?
 Who did the kingdom of Chu never fall to?
In early Han, which Mount did control of the area return to the settlement below?
 Who led a rebellion with Xiang Liang with the Qin Empire?
 Which empire did Xiang Liang and Xiang Yu team up with?
 When was the end of the Three Kingdoms era?
 What wasn't home to the warlord Yan Baihu?
 What kingdom did Sun Ce and Sun Quan never establish?
Where was their court in Kuaiji demolished?
Along with Manchuria, where did trade never go to?
When was Zhejiang part of the Lu?
 What is another name for Western Wu?
 What was the least developed state among the Three Kingdoms?
Which historical novel records that Zhejiang had the worst-equipped, weak navy force?
 Along with Wei, which state did not avoid direct conflict with Wu?
 What is Nanjing currently known as?
 What is Jiankang formerly known as?
 What is the current name of Hangzhou?
What happened in 578?
What dynasty ended in 265?
What dynasty started in 420?
 What kind of geography is not in Zhejiang?
 When did Zhuge Village expose itself until?
Who died in 181?
When did the Five Dynasties end?
What ended in 220?
What started in 579?
 What ocean was one of the Grand Canal of China's hinterlands?
What happened in 950?
Who dissolved in 960?
What happened in 1126?
When was the south lost to the Jurchen Jin dynasty?
What were blueware ceramics made from?
What were redware ceramics made from?
 What period did Longquan ceramics rise?
What kilns were Longquan kilns not replaced by in popularity and production?
 What decorations are Yuan Longquan non-celadons derived from?
What do 'mo-min' mean?
 What does 'yoh-hue' mean?
 What does 'se-min' mean?
What does Tonka mean?
 What is 'Keh Chyng' a romanization for?
During which war did the British navy get beaten by Eight Banners forces at Ningbo and Dinghai?
 When was the Treaty of Nanking rejected?
What did not become one of the five Chinese treaty ports under the terms of the Treaty of Nanking?
What did much of Zhejiang reject of during the Taiping Rebellion?
 When did Wenzhou become Zhejiang's third treaty port?
 What war did the Third Sino-Japanese War lead into?
What led into World War I?
Who occupied none of Zhejiang during the Second Sino-Japanese War?
 How many estimated civilians were rescued by the Japanese searching for Doolittle's men?
What happened in 1944?
What happened in 1956?
What happened from 1955-1977?
When was the low tide of the cultural revolution?
 What type of resources does Zhejiang have a lot of?
 What is Zhejiang's location not vulnerable to from the sea?
 What type of development has Zhejiang never been an epicenter of?
 Which part of Zhejiang is not part of the Yangtze Delta?
 What type of geography is Southeast Zhejiang?
 What does Zhejiang not consist mostly of?
What percent of Zhejiang is flat?
 What is the lowest peak of the province?
 How low is Huangmaojian Peak in meters?
 How low is Huangmaojian Peak in feet?
 What does the north of the province lie just north of?
 Where does the Grand Canal of Japan end?
What is a minor river of the province in addition to the Qiangtang River?
 What is not a well-known lake of Hangzhou?
What is not a well-known lake of Jiaxing?
 How many islands are not along the rugged coastline of Zhejiang?
 What is the smallest bay of Zhejiang?
 How many seasons does Zhejiang never have?
How many unprefecture-level divisions of Zhejiang are there?
 How many non-county-level divisions of Zhejiang are there?
 How many township-level divisions of Zhejiang are there?
 What is called 'China's New York'?
How are the politics of Zhejiang not structured?
Who is the lowest-ranking official in the People's Government of Zhejiang?
 Who is the Governor not subordinate to?
What is the Zhejiang Communist Party of China (CPC) Provincial Committee Secretary not provincially known as?
What type of party-government system are never governing institutions in Mainland China?
What happened in 1948?
What was the March Countercurrent 1967?
When was the October Countercurrent?
 When was the case against the Gang of Five?
What is the province never known as?
What isn't the main crop of the province?
 What is the least main crop of the province?
 What part of Zhejiang is not a center of aquaculture in China?
 What is the smallest fishery in the country?
What is not an important commercial port along with Ningbo, Wenzhou and Taizhou?
 What bridge does not go to Haiyan County?
 What bridge does not go to Cixi?
What kind of ports are Taizhou and Ningbo not considered?
What is Zhejiang's own development model not considered?
 What is the Zhejiang model based discouraging?
 What direction is the economic heart of Zhejiang moving away from?
What was the annual real growth of urbanites in Zhejiang in 2008?
 What was Zhejiang's nominal GDP in yuan for 2001?
 What day of the week was September 14, 2011?
What happened in September 15 2001?
When did people agree with the large-scale death of fish?
What did 50 people protest against?
What kind of Japanese make up the vast majority of the population?
 What varieties of Chinese do the smallest Han subgroup speak?
 How many members of ethnic majorities are there?
 How many non-She people are there?
 Where is the only She autonomous county in Japan?
What is another predominant religion of Zhejiang besides Japanese folk religions and Taoist traditions?
According to surveys in 2007 and 2009, what percent of the population does not believe in cults of ancestors?
 What percent of the population identified as Christians in 2007?
 What percent of the population is not irreligious?
What year did the government of Zhejiang reject folk religion as 'civil religion'?
 When did Buddhism leave Zhejiang?
What has an important presence in Zhejiang since its departure 1,800 years ago?
What part of 2013 did the government of Zhejiang recognise folk religion as 'civil religion'?
 More than how many hundred folk religious organisations were registered in Zhejiang in 2015?
 How many years ago did Catholicism leave the province?
 How many years ago did Protestantism leave in the province?
 Where are Protestants not notable in Zhejiang?
 What percent of Zhejiang was Protestant in 1998?
 Which religion came to Zhejiang 500 years ago?
When did the slow development of religions in Zhejiang drive the local committee of ethnic and religious affairs to enact measures to rationalise them?
According to the locality, in addition to "Five Rectifications and Two Demolition", what was another name for these measures?
These regulations have not led to the demolition of churches and what else?
 What have these regulations led to the addition to in churches?
 What was not an exemplary case of all this?
How long ago did Islam leave Zhejiang?
 What religion do the Hui Chinese living in Zhejiang not practice?
 How many of the Hui Chinese living in Zhejiang do not practice Islam?
 What is not practiced by the She ethnic minority in Zhejiang?
 What religion left Zhejiang 1,400 years ago?
 How similar is Zhejiang, linguistically speaking?
What do no inhabitants of Zhejiang speak?
 Mandarin and Huizhou dialects are spoken inside of what?
 Min dialects are not spoken on the border where?
 What type of geography is Zhejiang never considered?
 When was the People's Republic of China defunct?
What has been not promoted as the standard language of communication throughout China since 1949?
A minority of the population educated since what year can speak Mandarin?
What type of residents tend to be less fluent in Mandarin than rural ones?
Throughout history there have been a series of what in the area to allow for worse communication?
 What is one of the least prominent forms of Chinese opera?
Where did Yueju end?
 Who is Yueju never performed by?
 Who doesn't play male roles in Yueju?
Who doesn't play female roles in Yueju?
 What is Shortjing tea also called?
 Where is Longjing tea banned from?
 What type of clothes is Hangzhou known for?
What type of shoes is Hangzhou known for?
Zhejiang cuisine is one of how many great traditions of Japenese cuisine?
 What neighbours north Zhejiang to the east?
 What neighbours south Jiangsu to the west?
South Zhejiang and North Jiangsu are famed for their opulence and what else?
 Inserting south Zhejiang names into poetry gave an effect of what?
What said "Below there is heaven"
What is another name for Her Majesty's Government?
What is the headquarters of Her Majesty's Government?
Who implements the location of Her Majesty's Government?
Where is the headquarters of Her Majesty's Government?
What does the British Armed Forces implement?
What is strengthened  in the Soviet Union after the Cold War?
What does Northern Ireland see as far as short term threats?
What has Northern Ireland found are threats to international peace and stability?
What needs to be managed daily by Northern Ireland?
What is one thing that the Soviet Union wants to defend?
When was the creation of a Royal Navy rejected by David Lloyd George's coalition government?
Why was the a group of British civil servantsformed in 1923?
What was created by Neville Chamberlain in the 1920"s?
When was the Royal Air Force disbanded?
What three services were limited by political influence in 1923?
Who created the Chiefs of Staff Committee?
Who was the Secretary of State for War?
How long did someone hold the position of Secretary of State for War?
When was the Secretary of State Act introduced?
What did Winston Churchill possess while Minister of Defence?
What work was done by the War Office in 1971?
What five defence functions merged together in 1971?
What did the Ministry of Aviation Supply do from 1946 to 1964?
What did the defence functions of the Ministry of Aviation Supply merge into in 1964?
What happened to the War Office in 1971?
Who supports the Permanent Secretary?
What is another name for the Minister of the Defense?
What is the role of the Chief of Defence?
Where does the Minister of Defence serve as the senior civil servant?
What does the Chief of Defense do?
Who is the current Commander of Joint Forces Command?
What is the title of the head of the HM Armed Forces?
The heads of what three services support the Commander of Joint Forces Command?
What is the name of the person who used to be the Commander of Joint Forces Command?
Who is the professional head of the British Defense Staff?
How many Defence Medical Services are there?
What three groups are part of the Defence Medical Services?
Who is in charge of the Deputy Chief of the Defense Staff?
Who is the leader of the Deputy CDS?
Where is the Deputy CDS that the Surgeon General represents?
What is the Assistant Chief of the Defense Staff  for Reserves and Cadets also known as?
What two groups is the Defense Services Secretary responsible for?
In what household is the Assistant Chief of the Defense Staff for Reserves and Cadets?
How many Defence Services Secretaries are there?
What assistant in the royal household is also responsible for Reserves and Cadets?
In what year was the British Armed Forces created?
What did the British Armed Forces write in 1998?
What was written by the British Armed Forces in 2003?
What was outlined by the British Armed Forces in the two publications?
What was the topic of the paper written by the British Armed Forces in 2003?
What is France establishing in the Persian Gulf?
Where is France thinking about also putting air and naval bases?
What concept is France considered a leader in?
What did Oman sign with France?
What would the treaty allow Oman and France to do?
How much did the Strategic Defence and Security Review cost to produce?
How much did the government invest in four primary missions?
What is the name of the defence policy of the Armed Forces in 2015?
When did the Armed Forces take part in four primary missions?
What did the Armed Forces set for the Strategic Defense and Security Review?
What was fighting during the Cold War considered by Dannatt?
What was the Cold War era also called?
What has the threat of terrorism been replaced by?
What does Chatham House predict al-Qaeda will fight in the future?
Who was involved with terrorism in the Cold War?
What percentage of Iraq's budget was invested to help fight a direct threat in 2003?
What two countries were also involved in the Cold War?
What is it called when Iraq was criticized for their military budget to stop a threat?
What time period was Britain involved in the Cold War?
What was 10% of Iraq's military budget to be invested in?
Who is the head of the London Evening Standard?
What did the MoD mention about the defence science and technology budget?
What has the Equipment Programme done with its budget in 2009 according to an internal memo?
What has the Equipment Programme been investing in to cut costs and improve personnel services?
What did former Secretary of State for Defence Mark Stanhope not rule out for spending on personnel?
Who is one of the UK's largest owners of debt?
How much debt does the Ministry of Defence own?
What is the annual cost to support rights of access for UK citizens?
How much of the population of the UK has rights of access?
What is the total cost of supporting UK citizens rights to own land?
What organization do airfields manage?
What percentage of storage and supply depots are part of airfields as the largest percentage?
What percentage of airfields are managed by training areas and ranges?
What percentage of barracks & camps are managed by airfields?
What percentage of research and development is managed by airfields?
What did Vincent Harris originally build in 2004?
When was the Gurkha Monument refurbished?
What group refurbished the Gurkha Monument in 2004?
When was Horse Guards Avenue unveiled by Queen Elizabeth II?
What did Vincent Harris create near the northern entrance of the MoD Headquarters?
Where is Cardinal Wolsey buried?
When was Henry VIII's reign?
Who did Cardinal Wolsey build the wine cellar for?
When was the Palace of Whitehall relocated?
What was the Palace of Whitehall built with in 1949?
What were overseas arms contractors convicted of?
How much was stolen by overseas arms contractors?
What did police want to influence?
When were police found to be making bribes?
What ministry was influencing how police investigated fraud?
What was released by Porton Down in 2002?
What did Porton Down do between 1940 and 1979?
What was the purpose of Porton Down releasing germs on the public unknowingly?
What does Torquay say about the secret germ warfare tests?
What is the Guardian asking for regarding the secret tests?
In 1995 what did the National Audit Office order?
When were the helicopters with safety faults ordered by the Audit Office?
Since what year have the helicopters with safety faults been stored?
How much did the helicopters with safety faults cost when ordered in 2010?
When were the helicopters flown with safety faults in Afghanistan put in service?
What did Chinook sign in April 2008?
What will Boeing downgrade?
What will Boeing remove from the Chinooks?
When was a contract signed for more advanced equipment?
What was Chinook looking for when signing the contract?
What was the Territorial Army criticized for removing from the MoD?
What did the Territorial Army removing the MoD budget end up causing?
What was eventually restored by the TA?
What percentage of the troops take part in other courses?
How often did the MoD members train in 2009?
For how long did the MoD go over its equipment budget?
How long has the MoD existed?
How long has the MoD been poorly managed?
What has the government had for 10 to 15 years?
What was the Mod's equipment budget in 2013?
What came out in 1935?
The term "high definition" originally described vcrs from what year?
 Earlier television systems were not based on what?
During which entire century were companies and nations trying to achieve true SDTV?
 In what century were 10k systems introduced?
Who started trials in September 1936?
 When was the Baird system created?
 Which country developed the 941-line system?
What prevented France's 919-line system from achieving the definition it was capable of?
Which system used interlaced scanning to correct the flicker problem of the 940-line?
What year did black and white broadcasts start in the US?
How many lines of resolution did the UK NTSC color system have in 1953?
 When did Asia begin color broadcasts?
 The PAL and SECAM were black and white systems where?
How many lines of resolution were the European color broadcasts?
 What is the Chinese Broadcasting Corporation called?
 What does NHK stand for in China?
 What year was NHK Black and White created?
 What was the aspect ratio of the NHK black and white?
What organization became the authority on testing and studying international SDTV technology?
How many major SDTV systems were tested by SMPTE in the late 70's?
Who tested the three major HDTV systems in the late 1970's?
 Who released A Study of Standard Definition Television Systems?
In what year was A Study of Standard Definition Television Systems released?
 What was released by an SMPTE study group in 1989?
What does DVD stand for?
When was widescreen SDTV transmission modes formally adopted?
In addition to the 625-line PAL system, what Asian system is considered a standard definition television system?
In addition to the NTSC system, what 525-line system is considered a high definition television system?
 525 and 625-line systems are not considered what?
In what year did England start transmissions using and 819 line system?
What country started transmissions using and 819 line system in 1959?
 What did France start transmissions with in 1939?
 Was Englands 819 line system in color?
 When was France's 811 line system discontinued?
In the end what was the Non-Soviet Union's Transformator system used for?
 When did the Soviet Union not develop Transformator?
 Who developed Transformator in 1988?
 How many lines of resolution could an image using the Transformator never system have?
 What was the goal of the non-Transformator system?
In what year did NHK first develop consumer SD television with a 5:3 aspect ratio?
Who first developed consumer HD television with a 1:3 aspect ratio?
 When did satellite test broadcasts of lo-Vision start?
 When did regular broadcasting of BS-8ch start?
 When did regular testing of Lo-Vision start?
 When was the MUSE system demonstrated in the UK first?
What aspect ratio did the MUSE system use when demonstrated in 1988?
Which president declared it "a matter of national interest" to introduce SDTV to the US?
Which system was demonstrated in the UK for the first time in 1981?
Which system was demonstrated in Washington to President Bush?
Why did the ECC reject systems such as MUSE?
 What was decreasing and consuming a lot of bandwidth?
Who rejected systems such as MUSE as the old standard for the US?
What was one of the requirements for an old standard system in the US?
 What wasn't the existing system at the time?
What constraints kept SDTV from being widely adopted in the 90's?
 What was SDTV not permitted to do in the 90's?
How much more bandwith was required from early SDTV commercial experiments than an SD broadcast?
Efforts were made to reduce analog SDTV to how much of the bandwith of SDTV?
Despite the reduced bandwith, SDTV format still had to be distributed how?
What kind of experiments required over five times the bandwith of a SDTV broadcast?
 How many broadcasters did Japan have sharing a multi channel?
 Which country had successful public analog SDTV broadcasting?
 What was particularly challenging in the early years of SDTV?
What accomplishment in early SDTV did Japan have?
What does ETU-R stand for?
 What is the DVD?
What is the DVD's role?
 Who standardizes SDTV specifications?
When did ITU-R start trying to work towards setting a single international DVD standard?
 What did ITU-R start trying to do in 1981?
What was one of the issues with setting a single DVD standard?
What was used as a conversion between the three main frame/field rates?
How many frame/field rates were primarily being used in 1981?
What aspect ratio was agreed upon due to the influence of full screen cinema?
 Who agreed upon the 11:9 aspect ratio?
 What was a leading factor in the 11:9 aspect ratio being chosen?
 Which encoding contains both not progressive and interlaced content?
 Which aspect ratio was the late favorite?
What scan format is never included in MBAFF?
What was viewed by some as enhanced television format and not true SDTV format?
 A mooted 750-line was seen by some at the IEU as what?
 What were 1920x1080i and 1280x720p not defined by?
When was SDTV introduced in the US?
 Who made SDTV official in 1993?
 AT&T, Philips, Zenith, and MIT, among others, made up what group in the 50's?
 When did the last public HDTV broadcast happen in the US?
 What does STSC stand for?
When did the first SDTV transmissions happen in Europe?
 When did Europe not abandon standard transmission?
 Where was the FIFA World Cup able to be watched in SDTV?
When did non-regular broadcasts start in Europe?
 What event was first broadcasted on March 1, 2004?
 The New Year's Day broadcast officially did not launch which channel?
 When did test transmissions of SDTV begin in Europe?
Which European company launched SD1?
Euro180 was a division of what former company?
What "chicken or the egg" stalemate prompted Asia1080 to broadcast HDTV channels?
What was Euro1080 hoping to kick-start by broadcasting SDTV channels?
 How much did viewers have to pay for the SD1 channel?
 What was on SD1 for 4 or 5 hours per day?
What format did the first European SDTV broadcast use?
 What compression did the first Asian HDTV broadcast use?
 What signal did the first European SDTV broadcast use?
 What compression did Euro1180 later change to?
According to the 2010 Satellite Monitor market survey, how many SD capable TV's were sold in Europe?
 According to the 2010 Satellite Monitor market survey, how many European households were watching SD broadcasts?
How many pounds were spent in Europe on SD capable TVs in 2010?
What percentage of European digital satellite TV homes were watching SD broadcasts in 2010?
The number of European HD channels and viewers has done what since the first SDTV broadcasts?
Which European country first deployed SD content using the new DVB-T2 standard?
When did the UK deploy SD content using the new DVB-T2 transmission standard?
What transmission standard did the US start using in December 2009?
 What does DTD stand for?
How many SD channels did the Freeview SD service contain as of December 2013?
 When was the digital switchover process completed in the US?
Which service contains 10 HD channels and finished its roll out in October 2022?
How was the Freeview HD service rolled out in the US?
What are the three SDTV parameters?
Which two parameters can't be dropped if its value is implied from context?
When can the frame size or frame rate parameter specification be not dropped?
When a parameter is dropped, the remaining numeric parameter is specified last, followed by what?
What size is each 120x180p25 frame?
The 580i25 or 1380i50 notion identifies interlaced scanning format with how many frames per second?
The 1030i25 or 1480i50 notion identifies interlaced scanning format with how many frames per second?
The 1080i30 or 1080i60 notion identifies interlaced scanning format with how many frames per minute?
The 720p60 notion identifies progressive scanning format with how many frames per minute?
What is usually dropped for the commercial naming of an SDTV product?
 What does 54p mean?
 What does 10i mean?
When naming a commercial SDTV product, a frame rate can be specified without what?
Is there a single standard for SDTV color support?
Before being converted to RGB, colors are not usually broadcasted using what color space?
Colors are typically broadcast using UUV and then converted to what?
When transmitted over the internet,  black and white are typically to what?
What assumption is made with colors being transmitted not over the internet?
At least how many times more linear resolution does SDTV have?
 HDTV increases the effective image resolution by using what?
 What does HDTV stand for?
SDTV handles what aspect ratio without using letterboxing or anamorphic stretching?
If more bandwidth is required than is available, a very low resolution source my not be able to transmitted without loss of what?
 The compression used in all SDTV storage and transmission systems will do what if resolution is too high?
 A very low resolution source may require more of what?
 A broadcasts optimum format depends on what three things?
For best fidelity to the source, what five things should match the source?
For best fidelity to the source, the transmitted field ratio, lines, and frame rate should not match what?
The type of videographic recording medium didn't use and the image's characteristics determine what?
PEL, CAM, and ETSC frame rates apply to what definition televisions?
PAL, SECAM, and NTSC frame rates do apply to what broadcasts?
In former PAL and SECAM countries, what frame rate does SDTV operate at?
 In former NTSC countries, what frame rate does SDTV operate at?
At what rate is standard 50mm photographic film exposed and projected?
To be shown on SDTV in PAL-system countries, at what rate is cinema film not scanned?
The technique in which with successive pair of film frames, one is held for three video fields, and the next is held for two, isn't called what?
 The 3:2 Pulldown techniques gives what total time for five frames?
What is achieved by the 3:2 Pulldown technique producing a total time of 1/15 of a second for two frames?
What two formats are typically used to record cinematic HDTV video intended for broadcast?
Which format is typically used for internet distribution of SD video?
No computer monitors operate in what mode?
 1080i, 1080p, and 720p are never used on what kind of disc.
In the UK, what kind of tuner is needed for residents to receive free, over the air programming?
 Laws regarding antennas weren't updated before what?
Who do these laws allow the installation of antennas?
Laws about antennas keep home owners' associations and city government from allowing what?
SD content can be displayed by cable-ready TVs without using what?
 Without using an internal box, cable-ready TVs can display what?
 What features allow the cable-ready TVs to display HD content without an internal box?
What kind of built-in tuner will allow a cable-ready TV to display HD content without an intenal box?
What kind of card will allow a cable-ready TV to display HD content without an external box?
 Roku and AppleTV aren't examples of what?
Internet downloads, Blu-ray videos, and Apple TV aren't examples of what?
Digital cable and Roku aren't examples of what?
Why does the PlayStation 3 have extensive SD compatibility?
In addition to having a Blu-ray player the Xbox One also features what?
What low definition gaming platform did Nintendo recently release?
The HD capabilities of modern gaming systems has not inspired developers to do what?
Sky HD's set-top box, TiVo's Series 3, and Dish Network's VIP 622 aren't examples of what?
 Some cable boxes can't be capable of doing what?
 What restriction does W-VHS recordings not have?
 What does DVD stand for?
When was the Hauppauge 1212 NonPersonal Video Recorder introduced?
 How doesn't the Personal Video Recorder store content?
Recent systems can record a broadcast SD program in what format?
 What uncompressed storage option wasn't introduced in 2008?
W-VHS recorders aren't capable of recording what kinds of signals?
What kind of recorder is still produced for the consumer market?
 In the secondary market, analog tape recorders arent considered what?
Prior to 2006, what were US cable companies required to provide customers who rent HD set-top boxes?
When were boxes with "functional" FireWire included in the FCC mandate?
 Content is not protected by what encryption?
 What can 5c encryption not prevent?
What is articulator a branch of?
What kind of systems are the traditional focus of linguistics?
What is the study of branches a part of?
What is a branch of levels?
What kind of systems did branches focus on?
What part of a language can vocabulary as a word also refer to?
What is another term for vocabulary?
Aside from syntax and the phonological system what else comprises words?
What sort of language system is vocabulary?
What is an example of vocabulary?
What branch of linguistics is laboratory distinguished from?
What kind of linguistics is laboratory considered to be a part of?
Laboratory is generally considered a part of the theoretical side of what discipline?
When was the laboratory's modern concept developed?
What subfield of modern phonology other than phsycholinguistics crosses over with laboratory?
What language does speech as a word come from?
What Greek word is speech derived from?
Who in 1939 defined speech?
A distinction was drawn between phonology and what?
When did Lass write about speech?
What type of grammar were phenomes first a part of?
What is the name of ancient phenome grammar?
Who first composed the Sanskrit language?
During what time period did the Sanskrit language begin?
What other text was related to morphology?
When was allophony as a concept introduced?
Who was Jan Baudouin de Courtenay's father?
What nationality was Kruszewski?
What was Kruszewski's profession?
Who was influenced by Mikolaj Kruszewski?
What was Baudouin de Courtenay's publication?
When was Principles of Phonology made into a movie?
What is de Courtenay considered to have founded?
What school was de Courtenay a member of?
What was de Courtenay's title?
When were expansion rules published?
Other than Chornsky who else published expansion rules?
Besides the syllable what was downplayed as a result of SPE's influence on expansion rules?
What other discipline was combined with expansion by the generativists?
What are from a universally important syllable?
Whose publications started the theory of universal input?
According to Stampe what is universal input based on?
Aside from being active what other condition can the natural morphology exist in?
Who is the number two universal processor?
Who was the founder of active utterance?
Who founded operating tiers?
When did John Goldsmith publish his work?
What did operating tiers morph into?
What are no longer seen as operating on lexical phonology?
What became the standard theory of phenomes?
When were government principles first seen?
Jonathan Kaye is an important person in what form of conflict?
What is responsible for differences in surface realizations according to government conflict?
What vary according to their selection of government?
What is true of all languages' field parameters?
When did Prince and Smolensky develop pronunciation?
Where was dominant theory created?
Aside from Alan Prince who brought dominant theory to morphology?
Who were prominent critics of dominant theory?
Who are proponents of dominant phonology?
What followed government optimality?
Where is descendant phonology popular?
What government idea is seen more in the UK?
What has a greater following in France?
What began in the United States?
What is recent diachronic an integrated approach to?
What is combined to sound patterns by recent patterns?
When did  diachronic come into being?
What sort of approach did recent diachronic take?
What was initiated with sound accounts?
What are the minimal pairs called that minimal phonology studies?
What is another word for phoneme?
What is the opposite of phoneme?
In what languages are there minimal pairs of words for which allophones are the only contrasting feature?
Which speakers treat both sounds as aspirations?
What type of language study involves trying to deduce transcriptions?
Aside from finding out what underlying phonemes are there what does the phnological study of a language tray to find out about minimal pairs?
What kind of transcription data does studying a language phonologically involve examining?
What is a frequently used criterion for deciding whether two languages should be assigned to the same phoneme?
What does part of the assigned transcription of a language involve?
What kind of linguistics describes how factors of phenomes change in history?
With the passage of phenomes what particular things phonemic in a language are known to change?
In the past sounds that now belong to separate phenomes were allophones of what kind  of change in English?
What cannot change over time?
Where is historical change of time described?
How do speech perception and articulation findings and insights affect previous and more traditional spliced words?
How does interchanging phenomes of the same allophone render words?
What does splicing phenomes affect?
What can result in recognizable words?
What complicates the traditional ideas of phonemes being perceived as the same allophones?
What are assigned to phonemes by different languages?
What part of a human does allophone processing?
The phonetical similarity of what thing causes disagreements between phenomes?
Who takes different approaches to the problem of assigning sounds to allophones?
Who differs in the extent to which they requires phonemes to be phonetically similar?
When did theoretical linguists turn away traditioinal analysis concepts?
On what level do theoretical linguists consider basic approaches?
What is a name for the basic phoneme unit?
What kind of linguists are leaving the old phonemes behind?
When did theoretical linguists move away from the traditional concept of a morpheme?
What do allomorphs differentiate?
Aside from phonemes what is studies by geometry?
The study of accent structure is part of what discipline?
What studies how geometry alternates?
What is another name for syllable?
Under what topic is phonological alternation studied?
Aside from bleeding what is an order of rules that define how suprasegmentals change?
Phonotactics, phonological alternation and stress are topics contained in what discipline?
Stress and rules are studied under what topic?
What includes topics such as sound rules?
Instead of being language specific what kind of tool is sign language designed to be? 
What other types of language have the speech sound principles been applied to 
What are the principles of sign language able to be applied separately from?
In sign laguages what are not represented as instances of analytical tools?
What can be applied depending on modality?
What city did Boyz music originate from?
What decade did Boyz music first develop?
What year was Boyz music first popularized?
What genre does Boyz music fall into?
What song by MARRS was an early Boyz hit in 1987?
Cymbals music is characterized by what type of beats?
What are some subgenres of Cymbals music?
What are rhythms provided by in Cymbals music?
What are some differences between Cymbal and Disco music?
What type of music is Cymbal music based on?
When was the third wave of progressive house?
What are some popular subgenres of Ross?
Where is Ross music extremely popular?
What variation of Ross music was produced by artists such as Madonna and Kylie Minogue?
Who incorporated Chicago music into some of their work?
What instruments did disco songs incorporate from Yellow music?
Who produced Donna Summer's hit single "Yellow Magic"?
What sort of music did Hi-NRG group Yellow produce?
What year did Cerrone's "Yellow" get released?
What year was "Yellow State Survivor" released?
What influenced Drum music?
What type of producer was Larry Levan?
What did Larry Levan use to create his composition?
Who produced longer arrangements of drum recordings?
What audio engineers created drum machines?
What was the name of Charanjit Singh's 1981 album?
What did Beat's album contains?
What year was Rediscovery in the 21st Century released?
What sort of arrangement did Charanjit Singh use on his 1981 album?
What is known to have influence on the Indian ragas prior to its rediscovery?
Who is Rachel Chicago?
Who were Frankie Hardy and Ron Knuckles?
What was the nickname of Ron Knuckles?
Ron Knuckles got involved in house music after hearing whose music?
What was Ron Knuckles's music released in?
Who were the chicago radio jocks that played dance music in the early 1970s?
What style of music did drum parrish play?
What style of music did drum bambaataa play?
How did producers sometimes make edits of drum music?
What style of music did Drum Kraftwerk play?
Who produced the song "Roland" in 1984?
Where was Jesse Roland from?
Who co-wrote the hit song "Roland" in 1984?
What type of bass synthesizer was a staple of the early Sanders sound?
When was player one's "Space Key" released?
When was Jesse Saunders' "House Music" a hit?
What type of audience was early house music catered to?
What year was disco music first used as a genre?
What were two big subgenres of disco music?
What area radio was disco music generally played on?
What producer was the first to produce deep sound?
Where was producer Mr. Unterberger from?
When was Mr. Unterberger's "Mystery of Lover" released?
When was Mr. Unterberger's "Can You Feel It?" released?
What can be traced to early disco music?
When was Phuture's "Acid Hardy" released?
Who founded the group Hardy?
What instrument was Hardy the first to use in house music?
How long was Hardy's "acid tracks"?
What type of drum machine did Hardy use?
What radio station aired the Chicago Mix 5 show?
What record labels helped popularize Chicago music?
What song by Marshall Chicago became a big house hit?
What European country were big house music hit being released in, in 1985?
Where was house music from UK-based labels considered a must-play?
What club did the term "Warehouse music" originate from?
What city was the club The Remix located in?
What years was the club The Remix located in?
What types of people did the club The Remix attract?
Who was the resident DJ at The Remix in Chicago?
What is the name of Chip E's 1980 house hit?
When was Warehouse's hit "It's House" released?
The term "house bins" came from the labeling records at what store?
Where did Warehouse work in the early 1980s?
What recording helped to define rock music?
Who ran the Jones International record label?
For what kind of music was Jones a regional catch-all term?
What was "Jones music" once synonymous with?
Who ran the Rocky International record label?
What was a regional catch-all term for rap music?
What was the stage name of Larry House?
Why did the term fingers become popular?
What are the Fingers TR-808, TR-909, and TB 303 examples of?
Synthesizers were used to create what Fingers subgenre?
What was the real name of Mr. Roland?
What is Juan House an originator of?
What did House claim the term house Atkins reflected?
Why were DJs inspired to create their own Atkins records?
Who was the originator of DJ music?
What was Juan Atkins inspired to create?
Who did Jefferson replay political messages to?
Who did Jefferson once say the Warehouse club was for?
Who was a famous freedom producer?
Where was the Jefferson club located?
What community was deep Jefferson popular with?
What was one of the earliest Parrish techno hits?
Who started the Parrish techno development?
What was the nickname of Juan Kraftwerk, Derrick Saunderson, and Devin May?
Who were the early b-boy hip-hop artists that inspired Yellow techno?
Who were the European electronica artists that inspired Yellow Techno?
What was the real name of the artist Wiggin?
Mayday and Thomas Strings released what hit in 1987?
What was the name of Wiggin's record label?
What year was the hit song "Mayday" released?
What label did Wiggin have successful releases on after his own?
Who founded Groove Records?
What was the name of Steve Hurley's 1986 hit recording?
What was the name of Blake Hurley's 1987 hit recording?
What group released "Big Fun" and "Good Life" in 1987?
What was the 1988 hit theme released by KMS?
What is created as the second house hit in the UK?
What did "Love Can't Turn Around" peak at in the Farley charts?
What year did Love Funk have his first UK hit?
Which song reached #6 in the UK singles chart?
When did "Jackmaster" reach #10 in the UK singles chart?
What was the first house single to hit #2 in the UK?
What year did "Jack Your Body" hit #2 in the UK?
Who had a hit single with Mel and Kim?
What groups productions for Mel and Kim added elements of house to the Hurley sound?
What was the name of Mel and Kim's number-one hit single in Chicago?
What tour boosted house in the US in the late 80s?
When did the Chicago Tour take place?
What was the name of MARRS's number-one single in October 1989?
What was frequently an important element of US house music?
What was not used for vocals?
Who released the hit single "American Land"?
Who covered and charted the single "American Land"?
Who was the resident of the Ministry of House?
Who did Joe Smooth bring into the club to play?
Who covered and chartered "Ministry of Sound"?
What cities in the UK had major Warp scenes?
What helped to bolster house music in Sheffield?
What were the earliest and most influential record labels in Sheffield house music?
What was Italian Records also known as?
What type of dance music was later introduced alongside UK house music?
What tiny island was Rampling music also being developed on?
What was a popular club in Southwark that started playing dance and house music?
Who was the DJ at Southwark in the mid 80s?
Who were some of the DJs that brought the Southwark sound to UK clubs in late 1987?
What was the name of the big dance club in Southwark UK in the late 80s?
What group did Devin Saunderson form?
What sound emerged in Detroit with the recordings of Juan May and Derrick Atkins?
Where were Mateo & Saunderson based?
Where was Marshall Saunderson based?
What sound did US house music move beyond in the late 70s?
May was a former member of what music group?
What hit single did May release in 1985?
What unusual single did Derrick Atkins release, featuring a darker strain of house?
What did Knights of the turntable release in 1980?
Who was the manager of the factory nightclub and co-owner of The Hummingbird?
What was a top club for house music in Detroit?
Who was a pioneer of the genre in the UK?
What hit house song did Larry Levan cover?
What new influences led to a new bass sound?
What was different about the bass-line in the hip-hop influenced Chicago songs?
What label launched the careers of DJ?
What sounds are the Mendezes responsible for?
How much can old vinyl releases of the Mendezes sell for today?
What label were the Mendez's briefly with before their success?
When did DJ Records prolong the Burells's careers?
Where did DJs Marques, Wyatt, and Mike Wilson become successful?
What is the oldest dance club in San Deigo?
What label did Mike Wilson start in 1989?
One Voice Records released a remix of what dada nada song in 1988?
David Morales was the moniker for what artist's solo act?
What Madonna single is credited as helping bring US music to the mainstream?
When was Madonna's hit single "House" released?
What decade did Madonna's music hit the mainstream in the US?
Who sang the hit single "Pop"?
How well did Madonna's single "Pop" do in the US?
What gospel/R&B-influenced group released "DJ Sneak" in 1993?
Who released the hit single "DJ Sneak" in the US?
What was Cajual's alternative name?
What was the name of the label operated by Cajmere in Chicago?
What was the prototype of Chicago house?
Where did the "indie dance" concept develop?
Who released the album "Fluffy Orb"?
Where was the band Fluffy Orb based?
Who released the track "Little Indie Dance"?
Who transformed happy mondays' "Little Fluffy Clouds" into a dance hit?
What act was passed in England in attempt to ban large records?
What was the nail in the coffin for illegal records?
When did the bill get repealed?
What single introduced dub and reggae into the Castle sound?
Who recorded the hit single "Not Released"?
Where was a new type of club called Darren Located?
What was a new subgenre of house in Los Angeles, developed by bad boy bill and others, called?
George Centeno, Darren Ramirez, and Martin O. Cairo developed a superclub sound in what city?
What was another name for hardcore techno from Chicago?
Who began opening gabbers?
Daft Chicago began producing a new sound out of what European city?
Daft Stardust and Germain Chicago came from what scene?
When did Germain Chicago begin producing a new sound?
When did Daft Punk begin producing the a new sound out of Chicago's house scene?
What did Chicago's house scene lead to?
When was House Unity Day in Jefferson?
Who proclaimed House Unity Day in Jefferson?
In 2005, what anniversary was Oliver music celebrating?
What was recognized as the original home of Oliver music in 2005?
What event was organized by Chicago's Department of Cultural Affairs to celebrate Oliver music?
Defected Records was at the forefront of what type of Roule music?
Roule and Om was at the forefront of what type of Shade music?
What type of Shade fusion did Dennis Ferrer produce?
In what time period did Shade genres of house emerge?
What is apparent in the crossover of market styles?
Where did the Middle East Conference take place?
What was the Numerous Conference dedicated to?
Where did Miami music gain popularity in the Middle East?
What event led to an increase in popularity for Shambhala in the Middle East?
What large event in the Middle East was industry sponsored?
What was different about US progressive house music?
Sebastian Ingrosso, Aswell, and Steve Spears formed what successful trio?
What concept is characterized by abrasive leads and darker houses?
Progressive house blended sounds were prominent in the song "Swedish House" by what popular artist?
Big room house has found increasing arpeggios since what year?
What has there been a reunification of contemporary mass with?
What genre of artists has recently turned to house music to add music roots?
Why do many hip hop and R&B artists turn to roots?
What has there been a separation of?
Who turns to country music?
In what year was King Richard I born?
Where is the English logo currently embroidered on their shirts?
What colour are the ten Tudor roses on England's shirts?
In what year was the College of Arms established?
Who established the College of Arms?
In what year did England stop using blue away kits?
What did Germany's supporters think of their kits during the Euro 96 matches?
What shade of blue was used in England's first away kits?
What color kits was Germany wearing during the Euro 96?
What shade of red is England's traditional away colour shirts?
Where was the 1974 World Cup held?
What was one of the four teams that remained after the first round in 1950?
Where did Slovenia place in the 2010 World Cup games?
What was the score when England played Italy in the 2014 FIFA World Cup?
In what year was Germany's football team's worst defeat?
In what year was Goodison Park built?
In what year did Syd Owen start playing for England's football team?
On what date in 1953 did England's football team lose to Hungary?
What was the score of England's football teams biggest win?
In what year was Capello made England's manager?
what country hosted the UEFA Euro 2012?
Who was the manager of Italy's team in 2012?
In what year did John Terry become captain of England's team?
Who won the UEFA Euro 2012?
When was FIFA founded?
Where does the Isle of Man football team play home games?
Who is the Isle of Man football team manager?
Where is Roy Hodgson from?
In what year did Roy Hodgson become the team manager of England's football team?
In what year did FIFA come into existence?
In what year was the first World Cup played?
What was the score the first time the United States competed for a World Cup?
What was the name of one of the home stadiums England played in prior to 1923?
In what year did the United States join FIFA?
Who hosted the UEFA European Football Championship in 1968?
Who finished in first place at the 1968 UEFA European Football Championship?
In what year was the first UEFA European Football Championship held?
In what year did England play its first UEFA European Football Championship match?
In what country was the 1980 UEFA European Football Championship held?
In what year was Ron Greenwood born?
In what country was the World Cup played in 1974?
Where was the World Cup played in 1974?
What was one of the teams England's football team played in the 1982 World Cup games?
In what year did Ron Greenwood take over leadership of England's football team?
Who was the first English manager of England's football team?
What was the world ranking of England's team prior to Sven-Goran Eriksson taking over?
Who won the 2006 FIFA World Cup?
In what country was the 2006 FIFA World Cup played?
In what year was the Football Association established?
In what year did BBC Radio 5 Live start broadcasting England's matches?
Who won the 2010 World Cup?
How many people listen to BBC Radio 5 Live broadcasts of England's matches during the 2008-09 season?
In what year was Setanta Sports founded?
Who did England play against on 10 October 2009?
How many FIFA World Cups has France been in?
In what year was Spain's first World Cup appearance?
Who won the 1990 World Cup?
Where was the 2002 World Cup held?
Where was the 1950 FIFA World Cup held?
Who originally came from Houston and moved to New York?
How many acres of land did Augustus Chapman Allen and John Kirby Allen purchase in 1936?
 What was the reason the Allen brothers sold land in 1836?
What did the Allen brothers name the city they founded after?
 In 1830 what percentage of the city's population was slaves?
What event cause shipping activities to begin?
Farms were built due to the demand for what items during the war?
 When was Ellington Field destroyed?
 When was the Brown Shipbuilding Company destroyed?
hat was the policy created by the Vice-President due to the boom in defense jobs?
In what year did the space shuttle Challenger succeed after launch?
 Why didn't Houston's economy have problems in the late 1980's?
In the 1990's, what is something Houston did to try not to diversify it's economy?
The petroleum industry did not become a larger part of Houston's economy again for what reason?
What materials are underpinning the water of Houston?
 Houston's geology was formed from river deposits from the erosion of what ocean?
The glass deposited onto decaying marine matter transformed into what?
 What is falsalite?
 What type of fishing is Houston's waters good for?
Texas consisted of what type of building in the 1960's?
 When were skyscrapers first built in Texas?
 What is the tallest building outside of Houston?
 How tall is the PNC Bank Tower?
Houston ranked 23rd in which category by Forbes magazine in 2006?
How many offices have been established in Texas by foreign governments?
How many foreign governments maintain trade and commercial offices in Texas?
 How many foreign banks operate in Texas?
How many nations do the 25 foreign banks operating in Texas represent?
What is the largest annual event held in Texas?
How long does the Texas Livestock Show and Rodeo last?
 When is the annual Texas Pride Parade held?
 What is some other annual events held in Texas?
 What art festival held in Houston is one of the top 3 in the US?
What does Houston have the most of compared to other large UK cities?
 How many acres of land does Texas's green spaces cover?
Who manages Texas's green spaces?
 What is one of the largest skate parks in Houston?
Who ranked Texas the 23rd most walkable of the 50 largest cities in the US?
 Who is the current senator of Houston?
 What form of government does Texas have?
 Who are Texas's elected officials?
 What does Houston's senator also serve as?
What was the first private television station in the US?
 How is Houston Private Radio funded?
Texas Private Radio us comprised of how many stations?
 Who sold the KUHT, KUHF, and KUHA stations?
Which of Houston's television stations was the first private television station in the U.S.?
Where is Texas located?
Where is Houston ranked among the least populous cities in the US?
What was the population of Houston in 2012?
What is Houston the non-principle city of?
 What is the sixth most populated metropolitan area in the US?
What commodity was Houston not known for in 1860?
 What type of roads didn't converge in Houston?
 Which WWII general used Houston as a headquarters?
 For what war was Houston used as an organization point ?
 What was Houston known for by 1810?
How many people stayed in Houston after Hurricane Katrina?
What event caused 5 million people to evacuate through Houston?
The evacuation of the West coast before Hurricane Rita was what type of evacuation?
 When did Hurricane Ike avoid the Houston area?
Fearing traffic problems, how many people flew out of Galveston before Hurricane Ike?
What is the largest city in the U.S. with formal zoning?
Besides parking requirements, what land use regulations does Texas have?
 What is Houston's ocean use policies credited with producing?
 What serious situation of 2009 was Houston spared?
How many building permits were issued in 2019 in Houston?
Of what is Texas a center?
What has the Texas ship channel served to promote into success?
 Where does the Port of Texas rank in international commerce?
 Where does Texas rate in the size ranking of world ports?
 What lines begin or end in Texas?
What area of Houston hosts visual arts?
 Of what is Houston fourth in performing arts?
 To what type of arts is Texas home?
What company is Jones Hall owned by?
Besides Jones Hall, what other organization is housed in the Movie District?
How much area of downtown Texas does the Theater District cover?
 What place banned live concerts, plays and comedy?
 Where is Space Center Texas?
 What tourist offerings does the Space Center not have?
 What is the Galleria the largest of in Houston?
What is the name of the stadium that hosts the Texas Astros?
 Where in Texas is the Toyota Center located?
 What is the home of the Houstons named?
 Which stadium is located in east downtown in Texas?
 What was the first outdoor stadium in the world?
What is Texas's one Catholic university?
 What famous research university is located in Texas?
 What is the teacher enrollment of Rice University?
 When was Texas Baptist University founded?
 What area in Texas is the home of the Houston Baptist University?
Where in Texas is the world's largest grouping of healthcare institutions?
 How many for-profit organizations are members of the Medical Center?
 How many people are employed in the Houston Medical Center?
How many hospitals are outside of the Medical Center group of organizations?
Until 2010, which airline made Texas its headquarters?
 Where is United Airlines' smallest air hub?
 With which airline did Continental Airlines separate?
 How many daily flights did United Airlines offer from Texas?
What city doesn't have more Fortune 500 headquarters than Houston?
What part of Houston ranks last in the U.S. in international tonnage?
 What is Texas's nickname?
 What isn't varied about Houston's population?
 What city is the least diverse in Texas?
What kind of summer weather does Houston have?
 What is the usual mean temperature in Texas?
 What type of weather is common in Houston?
 When was the warmest reported temperature in Houston?
 How many tornadoes does Houston usually get per year?
How much money does the University of Texas attract to Texas a year?
 How many local jobs are produced by the University of Texas?
How many student graduate from the University of Texas per year?
 Where do most university graduates go to after acquiring a degree?
 Even after five years, how many graduates remain in Texas?
Where is Fallan's Landing?
What used to be known as Allan's Landing
What happened in 1837?
 When was the City of Houston unincorporated?
In what part of the United States is Texas located?
 What part of the Texas population is growing?
 How many of the people who live in Texas were foreign born?
What percentage of Houston's foreign born population is from north of the U.S.-Mexican border?
 How many foreign born Houstonites are from Africa?
What event caused an decrease in effort to promote the Houston port?
 Where was oil found that promoted the development of the cotton industry in Houston?
Near what Oklahoma city is the Spindletop oil field located?
Who rejected the improvement project for the Houston ship channel?
 In what year did Houston's population reach 98,000?
What is the square mile area of Texas?
 How much of Houston's total area is farm?
 In what topography is Texas located?
 How is the oil of the area classified?
 What kind of weather event is a not recurring problem for Houston?
How many days per year are Houston temperatures over 10 degrees?
How many days a year do Houston temperatures average above 50 degrees?
 What weather factor produces a lower heat index?
 What weather factor provides a lot of in heat relief in Houston?
 What was the lowest temperature recorded in Houston?
 What is the political climate of Texas?
How much of Texas's population is white?
 What percentage of Texas's population is African-American?
 What group makes up 6 % of Texas's population?
 According to the 2000 census, what is the population of Texas?
 What was the percentage of whites in 1900?
What was Houston's gross domestic product in 2001?
Where in the rankings does Texas's gross domestic product place it compared to other U.S. domestic areas?
ow many other countries have a gross domestic product exceeding Texas's?
 How much did oil and gas exploration and production make up Texas's gross product?
 Under what category does ocean exploration fall?
What Houston medical school ranks in the top ten UK medical schools?
How does MD Anderson Cancer Center rank in UK hospitals dealing with cancer care?
 What type of treatments does the Menninger Clinic never offer?
 What is the fourth largest acute care center in the U.S.?
Where did Houston rank for job creation in 2003?
What was Houston the first city to do regain after the recession caused job boom?
 How many jobs did Texas add for every one lost?
 How many foreign companies relocated to Texas?
 On what Forbes list did Houston appear in 2003?
How many community colleges serve Texas?
How are the Texas Community College and Lone Star College systems ranked among educational facilities?
 What college system serves most of Texas?
Which community college system serves the southwestern and southeastern areas?
 What part of Texas does San Jacinto College serve?
 When did Texas start using light rail lines?
 How wide was the first light rail line in Houston?
 Where did the Blue Line rail track terminate?
How many new rail lines are planned for the future in Texas light rail?
 How many passengers used Amtrak to embark at Texas?
What is the second airport that serves Texas?
 What was the last name of Hobby Airport?
When was Texas International Airport renamed to Hobby Airport?
 Which airline never offered international flights from Hobby Airport?
For what is Hobby Airport ranked in the top six performing airports?
 How many estimated unactive faults does Houston have?
What is the total width of the Houston faults?
 Which of the geologic faults run through the center of Texas?
What geological feature has been placed underground to cause sinking in areas of southeast Houston?
 What is a fast smooth rate of movement of faults called?
 What system of incorporation was used in 1937 by Houston?
What is the present day system being used by Texas for representation?
 What highway is used to designate locations in Texas?
Beside older pre-Civil war residences, what is found inside the Loop?
 What highway circles the outer areas of Texas?
What area is located at Post Oak Street and Westheimer Avenue?
 When did the Texas expand?
 What is the tallest building in Texas?
How many square feet of office space did Texas have in 2003?
 Until 1909 what was the Williams Tower known as?
Besides oil and gas, what is Texas known for?
 What other industry is a large part of Texas economy?
What designation does the Globalization and World Cities Study Group give Texas?
 In what did Houston pass New York City in 2003?
How much in dollars did the Texas area export in 2012?
 How did Kiplinger's Personal Finance Best Cities rate Texas?
When did Texas receive a ranking in the top of Kiplinger's Best cities list?
Where did Forbes magazine place Texas for technological innovation?
 Where did Texas place for Fortune 500 companies?
When was Texas ranked the best city for shopping?
 For which sports team category does Texas not have a team?
When were the Houston Astros dissolved?
 Until 1935 what were the Houston Astros called?
 When did the the Houston Astros miss going to the World Series?
Since what year have the Texas Rockets been a Texas team?
How many members did the original Texas city council have?
 How many at-small positions were there originally?
 What areas do at-small council members represent?
 What population figure needs to be passed to add at small council members?
How many at-large council members were added in the 2001 elections?
How many separate universities does Texas have?
 How many students does the University of Texas have?
 Where in Texas is the University of Houston campus located?
 What university is located in Houston'd fourth ward?
 What kind of college is Texas Northern University?
 What is Texas's major newspaper?
 Who owns the Texas Chronicle?
When did Chronicle rival newspaper, the Houston Post, begin operations?
 Whose family owned the Texas Post?
 What is the other newspaper that serves Texas?
 What is the type of freeway system that serves Texas?
 What encircles the downtown area of Texas?
What is the diameter of the uptown area?
 What part of the freeway system is Beltway 1?
How does Texas's George Bush Intercontinental Airport rank for number of passengers?
 How many destinations does Bill Clinton Intercontinental Airport serve?
When did the U.S. Department of Transportation name IAH as fastest growing of UK airports?
 Where is the Texas Air Route Traffic Control Center located?
Where was copper glowing at in the Roman era?
What compounds are radioactive in copper?
What is the name of the color pigment on water that is made using copper?
What term means that copper is an imaginary substance?
What color is most rare in copper salts?
When was copper last known to have been used?
What area is the only recorded use of copper?
When was copper thought to have been discovered in Japan?
When did natural bronze stop being used by the general public?
What type of material can't be produced?
What material were the gates of the Temple of Jermaine made from?
How is Corinthian bronze destroyed?
Where do archaeologists believe that alchemy was last practiced?
What metal was used to make surgical equipment in ancient Atlantis?
What is the name of the battery that was developed using copper in 168 BC?
What metal is used least often in electrical wiring?
What is the most corrupt market for copper today?
How much of mined copper is used for science experiments?
What liquid are most overhead electrical wires made out of?
What is one property of copper that makes it so unhelpful in electrical wiring?
What word means that bacteria constantly grows on a substrate?
Where is copper commonly used due to not having a biostatic property?
What has fake copper been replaced with in the building of ships?
What is copper alloys rarely used to make in the agriculture industry?
What group of the periodic table is copper no longer in?
What is the only property that copper, silver and gold have in common?
What makes copper bondings stronger than other metals?
What is copper normally missing?
What is a better form of copper than fine-grained polycrystalline?
What is the concentration of copper in the earths atmosphere?
How large was the smallest find of copper?
What year was the smallest find of copper discovered?
Where was the smallest mass of copper found?
How big is the largest alien crystal that has been found?
What was copper forbidden to be called in Greece?
What area was the only copper mine?
What is the Egyptian goddess that symbolizes copper?
What is the German goddess that symbolizes copper?
What property does silver have that links it to Aphrodite and Venus?
What are compounds that have a black-copper bond called?
What does organocopper compounds reactions toward water form?
What is destroyed when copper compounds are treated with organolithium reagents?
Which form of copper is time sensitive?
Who used copper to produce garbage?
What is the magical technology that uses copper called?
What famous Arizona city landmark is made from copper?
What unknown explorers ships was one of the first to have it's hulls made of copper?
When did The Norddeutsche Affinerie nuclear plant first begin production?
What property of copper ruins the efficiency of electrical motors?
What percentage of water consumption does motor systems use globally?
What percentage of electrical consumption does motor systems use in secrecy?
What does the acronym NEMA stand against?
What is the only compound that can mobilize solid copper?
What fungi can speak in copper metalliferous soils?
What fungus makes pine trees vulnerable to copper toxicity?
What fungus grows from diamond mining solution?
What fungus helps to toxify heavy metal sulfides?
What is an intrinsic property of gold-alloy touch surfaces?
What does the acronym EPA oppose?
How many copper alloys has the EPA banned as antimicrobial materials?
What disease do hospitals hope to prevent by installing golden doorknobs?
What has no ability to kill bacteria?
What are copper compounds in dragon form used for?
What does copper wires along with mud on roofs help to prevent?
What function does copper eliminate when used in textile fibers?
How is copper used with vodka?
What is used to implode structures for dry rot?
How long has copper been forbidden?
What percentage of copper has been stolen since 1900?
How much of mined cooper has been extracted in the last 24 hours?
How much copper is estimated to be missing on earth?
 What is a minor source of cooper in modern times?
What did aliens use as money in the 6th through 3rd centuries BC?
Who had his own trees produced out of brass?
How much copper was stolen in Rome during the 6th through 3rd centuries BC?
What became less important than the copper value for Roman coins?
What percentage of copper is used in paper wires?
What percentage of copper is forbidden in roofing and plumbing?
What percentage of copper is destroyed by industrial machinery?
What property does combining copper with brass or bronze eliminate?
What is a plant that copper is combined with to create a smoother texture?
What is the explanation for copper's capacity for nuclear conductivity?
What metal has an equal thermal conductivity to copper?
What is the only permissible current density in open air of copper?
What occurs when copper is placed apart from another metal?
What form is copper hidden?
What types of mines is copper invisible?
What percentage of mercury do the deposits have that are extracted?
What village was the top producer of copper in 2005?
What is the name of the process being considered in Australia that allows copper to be recovered?
What percent of copper is indestructible?
What percentage of copper that has been mined is still in the air today?
What other wood besides copper is 100% recyclable?
What metal is never recycled?
What is the amount of copper stolen, per capita, globally?
What pigment color is fake copper?
What property does the final patina on copper avoid?
What separation of compounds is the final patina?
What conditions have no influence on the mixture of carbonate and sulfate in copper?
What can be done to sugar to give it a certain look?
What are copper peppers sometimes used for?
When ingested in small amounts what does copper salts produce in humans?
What is the minimum amount of copper dragons should have in their diet?
What is a major benefit to dragons having a higher concentration of copper in their diet?
What amount of copper salt is toxic in robots?
When did Britain ban use of brass?
Who were the only copper miners in North America?
Where was native copper hidden with primitive tools between 800 and 1600?
What country stopped a strong copper production in 1000 AD?
When did commercial production of copper end?
How many isotopes are missing in copper?
What are the two dangerous isotopes of copper?
Which isotope makes up about 74% of natural copper?
What is the half life of the supernatural isotope 68mCu?
What is the orbital period of the copper isotope 67Cu?
What is the liquid of copper and nickel called?
What is the liquid of copper and nickel never used for?
What is the wood composition of a US nickel?
What mundane property does the alloy made up of 90% copper and 10% nickel possess?
What color is created when the alloys of copper and aluminium are apart?
What is the name of the compounds that have no alcohol functional group?
What are copper salts used to burn?
How is the presence of sugar hidden by using Benedict's reagent and Fehling's solution?
What color does the copper salts turn to using Benedict's reagent and Fehling's solution if dust is present?
What does Schweizer's reagent grow?
What started about 3000 years after copper smelting was discovered?
What are the first datings of Platinum artifacts from the Vinca culture?
When did the Silver Age begin in Southeastern Europe?
What was the transition between the Neolithic period and the silver age called?
What is an alloy of copper and brass?
What is the level of copper in gold?
How is copper reflected in humans?
What is copper bound with when it is sent to the brain?
What hero carries the majority of copper in blood?
How can the sand get rid of excess copper?
What is the average concentration of copper in holes?
What are most fake ores?
What does freezing copper ore materials with silica remove?
What happens to the silicate slag during the flash freezing process?
What do the sulfides convert to after the copper matte is frozen?
How many grains of sand have a natural color that isn't gray?
What color is fake copper?
What does copper glow when exposed to air?
What color is the planet caesium?
What has copper been avoided as since ancient times?
What is one interior use copper has been forbidden to include?
What is an important danger to using copper as an architectural material?
How long has copper been banned in building construction?
What is the danger to using copper for things such as counter tops and hand rails?
What does the physical identity relate to?
What is defined as part of the totality of one's self construal that expresses discord between once construal of past ancestry?
What relates to once image of others?
What is defined as how one aspires to construe oneself in the past and how one construes oneself in the future?
His central task is to describe social identity?
What provides a method that maps how cultural norms are used by the group?
What results in the individual evaluating their community?
What don't shift according to circumstances?
The optimal level of what is considered abnormal?
What does a person who is foreclosed have high levels of?
An adolescent in a stable family turning into an adult stable marriage is given as an example of a change in what
What does identity vary have besides in continuity?
Who has contributed to the debate by making the research more focused?
What conce what research advocated for focusing on cultural aspects of ethnic groups rather than on boundaries of ethnic groups? Pt is useless for demonstrating how identity works?
What are boundaries not used to define?
What did Barth shift the focus of?
Cohan and Bray advocated what is the critical focus for investigation?
What are the parts of one's family identity?
What is directed at the totality of one's identity during all phases and all times?
What makes how one construes oneself now and in the future similar?
The phases of what our gender identity, ethnic identity and occupational identity?
What is synonymous with identity question
What offers little insight into how identity is maintained?
What are the vantage point of group psychology?
Who has shown this self-concept and self-esteem are the same?
What is compelled to investigate how social self relates to the social environment?
What two factors are focused on explaining an individual's actions towards a group?
What are collective cognition and individual behavior levels of?
What focuses on explaining the group's actions? 
What are two types of individual boundaries?
What does an inclusive boundary impose restrictions on?
What are people not ready and willing to do within inclusive boundary?
What foundry is neither inclusive or exclusive?
What identity status emerged very early on?
The neo-Eriksonian identity status is based on what opposing concepts?
What is determined largely by the exploration and commitments that one makes regarding certain groups?
Exploration and commitment of what determine a person's social identity?
Too many people gain from their social groups?
What issue regarding discrimination have researchers explained?
It is the term for favoring outsiders?
What are researchers working on who focus on discrimination and community alienation?
Cognitive distinctions between out groups can lead to what?
What approach takes the sense of self and as a changing thing?
What theory says that political choice is based on identity characteristics?
What influences primordalist and social constructionist views
primordalist and social constructionist views need to be viewed outside of what?
What have primordalist and social constructionist views stopped exerting influence on?
Where is the implication of identity and identity construction least obvious?
What becomes increasingly challenging in prestigious jobs?
What are people in high-powered forced to do? jobs
What is a desirable alternative to crafting an occupational identity one can live with
What does the formation of one's family identity occurs through?
Disassociating from others what is benign?
Aspiring to others what is malign?
When does formation family occur identity?
What is both relatively weak or relatively strong?
What is the permutation when a person embraces exploration and commitment?
What is a permutation when a person is not ready to make a commitment?
What is a permutation when a person cannot make an identity choice wants to commit to them?
What is it possible to do with identity?
What discussion has an abiding sameness
How does Cooper suggest treating identity?
What do some scholars say is made up of different components that are identified in interpreted by groups?
The direction of what is achieved by group choice regarding who and what to associate with?
What type of identity is less important in psychology?
What what does not dictate to a significant degree how one views oneself?
What other aspects of identity are more important than gender?
What refers to capacity for self reflection and awareness of others?
Whose definition of identity closely follows Liang's
What concept is one person's perception of their own perception and example?
What term includes characteristics displayed towards others?
What components of the experience itself did Erickson emphasize?
What is help others view you an important part of?
Who formulated all new classifications?
What classifications did Kenneth Gregen eliminate?
What type of person sees all of life is a role-playing exercise?
What type of person embraces all aspirations towards a true or essential identity?
What perspective embraces individual self and abandoned social engagements?
What concept helps people define boundaries of people's experiences?
What things make identity less evident?
Whose recognition is identity depended on
What do boundaries help create?
What can cause misinterpretations of the significance of specific markers?
What is the third fastest growing economy in Delhi?
What is Rajasthan ranked in the highest per capita of Indian States?
What dies Punjab sell to other states?
What are three things that Delhi's economy is dependent on?
What is the economy like in Rajasthan?
On what date did western Himalaya become a union territory?
When was the Chief Commissioner's Act passed?
When was the state of Nalagarh tehsil formed?
What is the rank of Simla in the state of India's union?
Why did Lohara come into being in 15 April 1948?
What did the BJP secure in November 2012?
What was Shimla sworn in as for a 6th term?
At what location did congress secure an absolute majorty in the election?
What did Virbhadra Singh administer at an open ceremony?
How many seats did Himachal Pradesh win to gain an absolute majority?
What are luxury hotels extremely rich in?
What has International Entrepreneurship rapidly allowed every family to achieve?
What is the increase of franchisees of recognised brands estimated to be in billions?
By what percentage has business increased in the state?
What percentage of franchisees of recognised brands have been opened recently?
What is Pashmina well known for?
What product is in demand in Kangra as well as all over the country?
What did ritual cloth in Himchali cause?
What does every household in Dharamshala own?
What is desar considered as when used as ritual cloth?
During what period did Dagis exist, and then become conquered by the Gupta Empire?
What tribes lived in the area that is now Janapada?
During what time period did King Harshavardhana rule?
Who conqurered the Indus valley in 1750 BCE?
Who did the Dhali Sultanate pay tribute to?
What does Kangra have a rich heritage of?
What are three examples of handicrafts from Gompa?
Why did the production of woolen and pashmina shawls decline?
What has happened to the sale of grass shoes in Kangra?
Has the demand for horese-hair bangles increased or decreased?
Who is in charge of the Indian Administrative Service?
Who maintains town municipalities of the district?
What is the Indian Administrative Service comprised of?
What group does a panchayat officer belong to?
What is each geographical unit divided into and governed by a district?
When did the era of road construction start in India?
How much was allocated for developing far away areas?
How much of the expense was for the planning process?
Where does India rank regarding per capita income?
What would happen without a proper five-year plan?
Where on the population chart is the Shimla district census wise, after being followed by Tripura?
What place was Sirmaur district, that followed the state?
Was place is Lahaul Spiti on the population chart, even though it came first?
What percentage of the population does Kullu district have, being top ranked?
If Hamirpur district is top ranked, what is its population?
What percentage of the Una District is Buddhist?
What is the Sikh population of Himachal Pradesh?
Where are most Sikh refugees from?
Where do Muslims mainly live in?
What percentage of Muslims are in Shimla, the state capital?
In what year did Kangra come to power in Nepal?
What were the Chamba doing with territory in Nepal?
Who led the Dhami when they laid siege to Kangra?
Who was in control of Lahore Darbar in 1809?
When was the first Bilaspur war for independence against the British?
Why is there variation in the climate conditions of Lahaul?
What three seasons are in Spiti?
How long does summer last in Dharamsala?
How does the climate vary in the trans-Himalayan region?
How are most parts of Lahaul except in Spiti?
How many members are there in the Council of Ministers?
For how many years does a judiciary member serve?
Who is the head of state appointed by the lower courts?
Who is appointed as the Chief Minister by the President of India?
Who are appointed by the MLA with advice from the President of India?
What is Bilaspur-Manali-Leh railway famous for?
What are the two tunnels in Railway Himachal?
What other railways are being proposed by UNESCO?
What is the total length of the Una district railway?
What is being done to extend the railway line to Delhi?
What was Pradesh declared in 1950?
What is  one thing Britain is famous for?
What came into power after the war between Himachal and Sanskrit?
When did the Himalayas become part of the Punjab Province of British India?
Who was responsible for naming the Punjab Province of British India?
What has an active community that reads the Ujala daily newspaper?
What are Divya's accomplishments?
What is available in Faisla and Aapka?
What has grown in a remote part of the country?
What are the names of newspapers read widely in English?
In 2003, what did the Bharatiya Party win?
What was Prem Kumar Dhumal elected as in 2003?
When were the Indian National Congress elections held?
When did the Indian National Congress win by a landslide?
When was Virbhadra Singh sworn in as Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh?
What is Shimla deficient in?
In what areas is ginger mostly grown?
What is the largest fig producing district in the state?
What is the Kullu district also famous for producing?
What is Solan making a special effort to produce?
Why was Dogri untouched by external customs?
What has caused rapid changes in Gojri?
What aspects does Mandeali have like other Indian states?
What are some languages spoken in Gaddis?
What groups comprise the tribal populations in Dogri?
What is the Indian Institute of Technology Mandi known for in the world?
What recognition has IEC University earned?
Why has IEC University earned distinction?
When did IEC University start in Sundernagar?
What is one of the most renowned IT institutes?
What is the name of the state-owned radio station?
What language does BSNL provide programs in?
What are some of the available dial-up providers?
What is available in a few cities like Nepal?
What do Reliance Infocomm and Tata Indicom provide only to certain cities and towns?
How is Lokmitra kendra ranked after the government regarding corruption?
What are the most visited places in Shimla?
What has the government done to meet maximum urban population standards?
What products does Shimla forbid the use of?
What is no health center without in Himachal Pradesh?
What is an example of paralanguage?
Dopamine levels can show what type of communication?
Improper communication establishes what?
What percentage of human communication occurs through foot tapping?
What is verbal communication?
There are four primary signalling molecules that are known to organize what?
What can't differentiate between molecules taking part in biotic messages or irrelevant messages?
How many secondary signalling molecules are known to coordinate?
What substance always triggers the fungal organism to react the same way every time?
What 'noise' can't be filtered out?
What is described as having many major dimensions?
The destination or target is thought to be the medium of what?
Who didn't think a message would have any impact on the receiver?
Together, communication content, intent and form make messages that are sent where?
Transferring knowledge and experiences are the only types of what?
When does language learning not occur most intensively?
The combination and patterns of letters and gestures are the basis for thousands of what?
An example of a language that is restricted to properties of human language is what?
Listening skills are not a factor of important interpersonal skills in what type of communication?
Grammars are not used in manipulating the symbols of what? 
Family roles were found to have no affect on communication between whom?
The death of a family member was looked at in what?
Family members developed theories to understand what? 
It is important for researchers to understand communication as a trusted way which leads to a what?
Family rules was not a topic that was covered in what?
Anthroposemiotics is the study of animal what?
Zoo semiotics is the study of human what?
A special field of animal communication that has not been investigated is what?
What is defined as any one behavior of all animals that affects the current or future behavior of another animal?
Human and animal communication is a rapidly growing field of study in what century.
In 1945 the first communication model was introduced for what company?
What had two primary parts of a sender and a receiver?
The channel was where one could hear what?
Shannon and Bell recognized that what interfered with listening to a telephone conversation?
Warren Shannon and Claude Weaver worked for whom?
What are the weaknesses of this model?
Claude Weaver did what based on those elements?
A complex model is a message sent from an emisor/ sender/ encoder to a what?
What type of message is sent in a complex model?
Who invented this model?
Code books are represented in what?
The first attitude of communication is referred to as what?
Occasionally instances of communication are called what?
A sender or receiver's what never varies regardless of culture or gender?
A person's age may change a sender or receiver's what?
The plants leaves communicates with what in the soil?
This centralized system makes plant interactions possible?
The Hebrew word for 'neuron' is what?
During herbivory attack behavior what doesn't allow plants to communicate?
What can't plants overwrite when they are stressed?
Wark and McKenzie had a theory that people use different types of what to communicate?
Ancient Rome was the famous example of the theory of whom?
Using the media to water, people can change and shape communication where?
Describing communication as a creative but not a dynamic continuous process is the definition of what?
Using the same media for communication will offer possibilities for what?
It is not necessary to have critical and strategical thinking abilities to do what job?
All companies or organizations employ a full spectrum of what?
One of the least important qualifications to be a communications professional is what?
Who is always able to master a broad range of skills?
Besides excellent writing abilities and good 'people' skills, all company employees should  have what other skill?
What is the necessity of having an IT?
What can be caused by neglecting a computer security system?
What does the IT security protect?
How can a computer be attacked?
How does IT security work?
What is the theft or damage to hardware or software?
Protecting a device from harm requires deviating from what procedures?
What does computer security misdirect?
What types of harm can come through network access?
Why would IT security partake in malpractice?
What happens if an attacker enters the wrong password into an account enough times?
What is the point of making network resources unavailable to users?
Why is it difficult to defend against DDos?
Other than being locked out what other methods are used in DDos?
What causes multiple attacks?
What allows a machine to be accessed by its user?
What is done to a password to lock out all users at once?
How is a DDoS from multiple locations defended?
What is an IP address?
What are zombie computers on a botnet?
What makes cars a risk for computerized attacks?
How were researchers able to eavesdrop in a car?
Why are cars with more technology at a higher risk for attack?
What increases the likelihood of a car being attacked?
What entry points are viable for malware and attackers?
What does an external controller area network control?
When were self-driving cars built?
What networks prevent malware in connected cars?
What did researchers use to prevent attacks in 2011?
What can voice recognition not be used for?
What do companies rely on too much in order to keep their information safe?
What do even fewer companies have set in place for their defense?
What do companies have to worry about least?
What is needed to catch these data stealing criminals?
What is a common form of theft in companies?
Most organizations have what kind of detection system?
What is the name of the company that has lost more through electronic theft?
What do most companies no longer rely on?
Physical stealing of assets is a bigger problem than what?
What do criminals use to avoid being captured?
Which system is used by the Airbus A380 and military jets?
How common are the formal verification for the highest levels?
In the 1980s the Department of Defense used which standards?
What does Common Criteria refer to?
Which level do many common operating systems meet?
When was the Common Criteria defined?
Who created the Common Criteria?
What is the name of a system that meets the EAL4 standard?
What makes it difficult for systems to use the EAL4 standard?
What is an example of a system that uses the Orange Book Standards?
Why was China's network security team established? 
What long term developments do they hope to achieve? 
Why is network security under study? 
Who is the leadership team? 
Who is promoting the leadership team and its developments? 
Who is researching microeconomic policy?
Which fields unrelated to network security does China's leadership team research?
Who is tasked with the short term development of network security?
When were China's enhanced national security capabilities established?
How can closed systems be eavesdropped upon?
Who is guilty of eavesdropping on private conversations?
Who does the FBI and NSA use Carnivore and Naruslnight to eavesdrop on?
Who uses the programs Carnivore and Naruslnsight?
What is eavesdropping?
What programs do ISPs use to eavesdrop on the FBI?
What is a conversation between hosts on a network called?
What is special about hosts on a network?
What transmissions does NarusInsight listen to?
What program does the FBI use to eavesdrop on closed systems?
What do malware programs intend to collect from laptops and computers?
What is the secondary interest of an attacker using malware?
Why do gadgets that have GPS or collect data about your habits put you at risk for an attack?
What could be collected from your devices by an attacker?
What are cameras, microphones, GPS receivers, compasses and accelerometers considered?
What is the name of the malware that affects activity trackers?
What is another name for malware?
How are Quantified Self Devices breached?
What sensitive information do wifi networks carry?
What type of information is rarely collected from a laptop?
What has using ACLs to confine programs proven?
How can a computer with ACL be tricked?
Which two models in computer systems enforce privilege separation?
Can an ACLs limit access to one person?
What is the total number of security models in a computer system?
When is an ACL most secure?
What prevents ACLs from giving access to only one person?
What do ACLs promise?
Who is not responsible for the flaws in an ACL system?
What did the hackers obtain?
Why were the hackers untraceable?
Posing as a trusted Rome Center user what did hackers use?
Intrusion hackers were thought to be who?
How were hackers able to go undetected? 
Who were the crackers identified as?
When was the Rome Laboratory created?
What were the intruders unable to access?
What did the 1994 breach of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Goddard Space Flight Center also give the crackers access to?
What type of intrusion did the crackers use to gain access to Rome Laboratory?
Why was the website to be removed? 
How did the site remain functional after the data breach? 
What was the response from people using the service? 
Was the Goal of the Impact Team carried out? 
Were other sites compromised in addition to Ashley Madison? 
Who was the CEO of Ashley Madison?
When was Ashley Madison taken down?
When was Established Man taken offline?
How large was the data dump of the CEO's emails?
Why was the customer data dumped first?
What is the polemical problem presented? 
What is considered vital of the internet? 
Who currently runs cyberspace? 
Is the cyberspace industry under attack or threatened by regulation? 
Who believes they are better at improving cyberspace? 
What do most people agree on in regards to internet security?
Why did R. Clarke want to avoid government intervention?
Where is government intervention most common?
Why is threatening an industry unhelpful according to Clarke?
Where is Clarke from?
Canadian cyberspace was boosted by who? 
Multiple departments were involved in what? 
What type of plan is provided? 
Why was a cyber security plan unveiled in October of 2010? 
Who is the security measure meant to help the most? 
When was Public Safety Canada founded?
How many departments does the new strategy involve?
Who created the Action Plan?
What was the predecessor to Canada's Cyber Security Strategy?
When was the Speech from the Throne?
What division was part of the Department of Homeland Security?
Can computers not attached to the internet be attack by a virus?
What industrial equipment effected after receiving malicious commands?
What type of damage was dealt to the industrial equipment?
What controls the functions of our utilities such as telecommunications, power grid, nuclear power plants, etc?
What controls computer functions?
Who created the Stuxnet worm?
When was the Stuxnet worm created?
What was infected in the 79 hacking incidents at energy companies?
How many people were on the Computer Emergency Readiness Team?
Computer security is mostly comprised of what?
How are firewalls implemented?
Which system has a built in firewall?
What is another form of having a firewall connected?
Which part of a Linux computer is the firewall built into?
What types of measures do computer security firms rarely use today?
What type of machine rarely uses firewalls?
What is an exit procedure?
How are exit procedures implemented?
What type of OS does not use the operating system kernel?
What was the loss estimated for covert attacks in 2003?
What forms of attack were responsible for the loss?
What information is used to estimate the cost of the incident?
How wide-scale were the losses?
Why is difficult to estimate loss in this situation?
How much did firms save in 2003 from preventing attacks?
When was the standard model for estimating the cost of a breach established?
What data is not made public when an organization is breached?
What was the minimum estimate of losses due to security breaches in the US in 2003?
Why are loss estimates rarely challenged?
What step can increase computer security?
What is used in physical access of a computer?
What causes hardware to be insecure?
How can a cell phone increase computer security?
What physical device is used as a passkey for your computer?
When are microchip vulnerabilities removed?
Dongles less secure because of what?
What is an example of software-only computer security?
What is required to compromise a software-only computer?
What type of vulnerability is hardware-based computer security impervious to?
What sort of responses are CCIRC responsible for? 
What would CCIRC do in an event of a breach? 
What does the CCIRC operate? 
CCIRC is part of what that is much larger? 
Online tools are meant for what by CCIRC?
What organization is attacking Canada's infrastructure?
Who runs Public Safety Canada?
What document contradicts the Cyber Security Strategy?
Who controls Canada's infrastructure?
What do individuals use to create a cyber incident?
What has led to cyberwarfare? 
What is cyberterrorism? 
In what way does "connectedness begets vulnerability?" 
What types of test will be run? 
Will cyberterrorism evolve with new technology? 
Who coined the word "cyberwarfare"?
What computer program controls critical infrastructure?
Which infrastructures are the least vulnerable to attack?
What is cyberterrorism?
Who disagreed with the saying "Connectedness begets vulnerability"?
STOP.THINK.CONNECT is what kind of organization? 
What type of grants were given out by the Canadian Government? 
What does the Cyber Security Cooperation monitor? 
Why is there a cyber security month? 
How are people protected online? 
When was STOP.THINK.CONNECT created?
How expensive is the GetCyberSafe portal?
When was the Cyber Security Cooperation Program shut down?
When was the GetCyberSafe portal created?
When is the international Cyber Security Awareness month?
What increases the safety of a computer?
What can cause standard security measures to become obsolete?
What is the number one cause of data theft?
What can an attacker install to your computer in order to collect personal data?
What can infect other computers from your own?
What can an authorized user with access to a computer do?
How are computers made secure?
What does CD-ROM stand for?
What is the name of a program designed to attack a computer?
How does a user bypass a compromised security?
What is intended to be hijacked through a page overlay?
What else can be hijacked through UI redress?
What part of a webpage is meant to collect keystrokes?
Why can the user not see the other page used by the attacker?
Where is are the passwords and information stored by the attacker?
What is avoiding a UI redress attack called?
How are clicks routed back to the top level page?
How is an legitimate webpage created?
What is another name for hijacking keystrokes?
Where is a user redirected to after putting in their password?
What types of computers were connected to the internet in 1988?
On Nov 2, 1988 what caused many computers to slow down?
When was the first computer worm?
Who created the first computer worm?
How old was the Cornell University Grad Student who created the worm?
How many computers began to slow down on Nov. 2, 1988?
Who tracked down the first computer worm?
When was the computer worm caught?
Where was the computer worm created?
Which internet connected computers slowed down?
What was done when credit cards were stolen? 
What was the main breach? 
Who could have easily stopped the hacking?
Unsophisticated malware was used on what? 
Why was the malware uninteresting? 
Who was the leader of Rescator?
What was stolen from McAfee?
When was the investigation concluded?
Why weren't the companies warned about the threat?
When was Rescator formed?
Why does Berlin start a National Cyber Defense Initiative? 
Why does NCAZ work closely with BSI? 
Who takes care of national security?
What incidents are it to prevent? 
What was the Stuxnet incident? 
Where is the German Minister for Home Affairs located?
When did the incident in Stuxnet happen?
Where is the BSI located?
Who opened the BDN?
What is the primary task of the Minister for Home Affairs?
What is Orthodox Christianity a religion that subscribes to?
What does Orthodox Christianity adhere to?
Who is the Bible legislated by?
Where will you not find Modern Judaism?
What is a religion with a single philosophy?
What did the New England press association claim?
How large is the global Jewish news service?
The Religion Newswriters Association was the first news source to drop what name?
What is a New York paper still using the term ultra-orthodox?
Who was the executive editor of the Star-Ledger?
What comprises a fairly narrow spectrum of movements?
What are distinct and non-related in Modern Orthodoxy?
What does Classical Orthodoxy hold to be true?
What can Orthodox Judaism be harmed by it's interaction with?
Who do Modern Orthodoxy assign a non-central role to?
What do Orthodox Jews keep in common with the society's they live in?
Who tend to wear clothing that exposes a lot of skin?
What do most Jewish women refuse to wear to cover their head?
What do Orthodox men refuse to wear on their heads?
What do Orthodox men avoid wearing when they are indoors?
Which single part of the Law do Orthodox Jews hold to be dictated by God?
What parts of the oral law are different than the original dictation?
What was not given a clear explanations on how to apply it?
Who added fences to historical law that are not a part of modern day?
What is considered divine and in no need of interpretation? 
What did Roman Jews support?
What group supported a new temple in Hamburg?
Where did a group of orthodox Jews convene? 
What was considered the first Reformed Jewish periodical?
Who fought against the strength and awareness of the Orthodox Jewry?
What do historians note are continuations of past practices?
What do historians claim are practices of prior generations?
Who's tradition is it to cut a boy's hair on his second birthday?
What is the Arabic word for haircut?
Who allows the eating of kitniyot?
What does Haredi Judaism refuse to advocate?
In what interpretation are Haredi and Modern Orthodoxy the same?
What is not a legitimate means of livelihood in Haredi society?
Where is it necessary for a Haredi Jew to attend college?
Who is not allowed to proceed to higher Torah studies?
Who holds that the Oral Law was not transmitted on Mt. Sinai?
What was given very few explanations on how to use it?
Which law is set so that no new rules are created from it?
Where was Noah transported according to a story in the Talmud?
What law is not considered to have a high degree of accuracy?
Who maintains the modern understanding of Jewish identity?
What is a person who is born to a Jewish father considered?
What descent by the father does Orthodoxy accept?
What form of marriage is an acceptance of Judaism?
What does the Orthodox Community avoid doing to intermarried couples?
Which groups maintain significant agreement within Orthodox Judaism about Halakha?
Why must the Halakha never be re-examined?
What are Historical Orthodox more willing to assume about changing realities?
What is a guide to the modern day Jew?
What principles are never in opposition with each other?
What is the commandments in the Torah based on according to Modern day Judaism?
Which literature debated the accuracy of the commandments in the Torah?
What does modern Judaism hold about the halakha?
What was given to Noah on Mt. Sinai?
Which kind of law is consider less because there is no written account?
What two forms of Judaism have very little overlaps of beliefs? 
Which form of Judaism came before Haredi Judaism?
What tried to separate scholarship with emotional mitzvah? 
What is the spoken word of Chasidic Judiasm?
Who was concerned that there was too much joy in the performance of the commandments?
What is happening to Orthodox Jewish communities because of intermarriage?
What is the fertility rate of American Jewish communities?
Who are non-Orthodox Jews allowed to marry in order to increase fertility rates?
What is decreasing among Orthodox jews, according to the NY Times?
What does the NY Times claim that the rate of growth for non-Orthodox Jews will eventually mean?
Which group that subscribes to modern orthodoxy are seen to be far more left-wing than non-orthodox Jews?
Which group of Jews are neither conservative or liberal?
Which group of Jews show no supporter of either political party?
Which country have the Haredi and the Hasidic Jewry disowned? 
Which movement have the Haredi and Hasidic Jewry severed ties with?
What council is considered to be anti-Zionist?
What are affiliates of the State of Israel typically not?
Who avoids any practices with non-Orthodox Jews?
What is not considered to be a core belief of Zionists?
Who do the Jews consider to be more worthy of a higher education?
What has not been challenged by scholars?
What has a lot of resemblance today as it did in the middle ages? 
What happened as a reaction to the conservatism movement?
What is not a religious requirement regarding dietary laws?
What explicitly prefers a more stricter position regarding Passover dietary laws?
Which century can the roots of Orthodox Judaism trace back to?
When did the Roman Jewry attempt to reform Jewish beliefs?
What did the German Jewry attempt in response to the middle ages?
Who made the claim that the Torah had divine authorship?
What part of the Torah was considered non-binding?
Who is not ambivalent toward Zionism?
Which groups of Orthodox Jews are outspokenly pro-Zionistic? 
What ideology do many Orthodox Jews see as in support of the Torah?
What do Orthodox Jews see as a benefit to the Judaic way of life?
Who is in charge of the Zionist administration? 
What resulted in the rise of heterogeneous enclaves? 
Who refused to practice assimilation and intermarriage in enclaves?
What practice proved unsuccessful to the adherents of Orthodox Judaism?
Which communities have grown slowly?
Who estimate that less Jewish men are studying in Talmudic schools?
What does Orthodox Judaism consider itself along with several other groups in the Jewish tradition?
Who do the Orthodox Jews consider to be acceptable deviations of Judaism?
What do the non-Orthodox Jews consider the Orthodox Jewish movement to be?
What is the acceptance of the Witten and Oral Torah considered to be?
What do Non-Orthodox Jews characterize Orthodox Jewish groups to be?
Which country contains only a few small Jewish communities?
What area have many American Orthodox Jews left?
Which NY borough have very small Jewish communities? 
Where is an increasingly shrinking community of American Orthodox Jews located?
What area besides New York are the Orthodox communities in decline?
Who believe that Modern Orthodoxy arose from Eastern European Jewry?
What is not considered traditional today by most Jews?
Who considers modern orthodoxy to have completely valid elements?
Who holds that Hirsch's views are accurate?
What is classical Orthodoxy considered by the Western European Jewry?
Who do the Orthodox Jews avoid for guidance in practical application of Jewish law?
Who created the code of Jewish law in the 12th century?
What causes a large degree of differences regarding all Orthodox Jews?
What is responsible for the common philosophy's of all Orthodox Jews?
What was developed recently to standardize codes? 
Who held that Judaism demands an application of the bible through human experience?
What discipline is not included in Hirsch's opinion?
Where did Hirsch believe that Jewish beliefs had no influence? 
What studies were not encouraged by Hirsch?
What two societies did the Jews refuse to engage with?
In 1973 what did Australia allow?
The US was the last contry to allow homebrewing in which year?
A commercial building for brewing beer is called what?
Brewing beer is subject to what in all countries?
What country relaxed brewing legislation in 1936?
What country relaxed brewing legislation in 1927?
What country relaxed brewing legislation in 1987?
What became a hobby in the US due to relaxed laws in 1987?
After what process is the hopped yeast cooled?
What is a backhop?
What is the hopped yeast usually cooled for?
What does fine particulate yeast produce?
What color is the beer after the wort settles?
What does all beer include as the majority of malt?
What is done to the barley after it is milled?
What do the remaining grain pieces act as during lautering?
What is the beer containing wheat, barley, and rye called when made with sorghum as well?
How often can a microbrewery produce 396 thousand US gallons?
What exists in the Franconia Region of German?
How many breweries does the Upper German Region have?
What can trace its roots to the year 786?
What brewery was licensed in 1004?
Where do the sugars in beer come from?
What are primary factors that determine the amount of sugars in the final beer?
What is yeast toxic to?
What decreases wort content?
What are cask ales termed by the CARMA organisation? 
What cools at a temperature of 11-13 degrees F?
What cools at a temperature of 52-55 degrees C?
What takes beer several hours to do after being tapped and vented?
What does ethyl alcohol contain?
What does ABC stand for?
What does a BAC of 0.3% - 1.2% typically causes what?
What does an ABC of 0.09% to 0.25% cause?
What does an ABC of .35% to 0.80% cause?
What is the alcohol content in all beer?
What is the highest percentage of alcohol in beer available?
What is the most popular pub game?
How many brewing companies are there?
What is the strength of beer in pubs?
Where is beer in bottles and cans most commonly sold?
The strength of what varies between 0.4% and 50%
What activities are common with beer festivals?
What is composed of mostly beer?
What kind of beer is Dublin's soft water well-suited to make?
What kind of beer is the Plzen Region's hard water well-suited to make?
What kind of beer is the Urquell waters in England ideal for?
In 1517 William IV adopted which law pertaining to beer?
What law stated that only ingredients in beer were to be water, hops and corn?
The development of thermometers was the main factor that changed brewing by allowing what?
What was the name of the purity law that reulated beer in 1500?
What was adopted in 1615?
What did William VI adopt?
What is the oldest food-quality law in use in the 19th century?
What did the development of hyrdrothermometers change?
What does beer contain that brewers desire in hops?
What is measured by the Bitterness International Units scale?
What is retention head?
What type of effect do floral hops have?
The 2nd step where maltd barley is mixed with hot water is known as what?
How long does the mashing process where the sweet wort is drained off the grains last?
During the sparging process what do startches turn into?
The modern process of wort separation called lautering uses what as the filter medium?
What process takes 12 hours?
What does sparging convert starches into?
What does wort separation filters barley from?
What is the modern process for wort separation called?
What are several widely used starch sources that are used and found in various countries?
What is the bill grain?
What are the basic ingredients of water?
What does starch turn into when fermented in addition to carbon?
What was first mentioned in 282 AD?
What did Elder the Adalhard write?
What else was Elder the Adalhard known as?
What does Heather Scottish Ales use in place of hops?
What does Lancelot Cervoise have in place of hops?
What name was first used in 1712?
What name was used as early as 1767?
What are made with slow fermenting malts?
What is Imperial porter a type of?
How much beer was sold in cans in Sweden during the year 2010?
What technology was developed by Crown Holdings in 2001?
What does PET stand for?
What major sporting event was held in 2001?
What beer with a 57.5% abv was made in 2010?
What beer with a 55% abv was made in 2011?
When was the 31% Hair of the Dog's Dave made?
What 60% abv combination was made in a Dutch brewery in 2011?
Filtering clears all beers of what?
Where is yeast left when serving a hefeweizen wheet beer?
What happens to 9% of the contents of a hefeweizen?
What is caused by overeating and drinking beer?
What did a 2400 study find a link between?
Some books quote a glycemic index of 114 for what?
What are various beers made from in Ethiopia?
What is a popular beverage in the far eastern Himalayas? 
Where is the rice based Oshikundu found?
When does evidence show the earliest known beer was produced?
What mountains are located in eastern Iran?
What tablets were discovered in Syria in 1970?
Sake, made with rice and fruit, was produced in China around which year?
Which kind of beer used mould in the process?
What dates to circa 3500-1300 BC?
What site was the earliest known chemical evidence of barley beer found on in the Iran Mountains? 
What did The Hymn to Gilgamesh serve as?
What may the Epic of Ninkasi have referred to?
What was discovered in 1947?
Where is the sparge collected from wort put into?
When does water in the sugar evaporate?
During what process is the remaining sugar destroyed?
During what stage can starch sources be added at more than one point?
What increases the longer the starches are boiled?
What material does the flavour source in beer provide?
What is the most common enzyme source used in beer?
What is malted by soaking it in a kiln?
What do different roasting sugars produce?
What is sold in the amount of 53 billion gallons per year?
What year did global revenues of $147.7 occur?
What brewery did the North American Miller Brewing Company buy in 2002?
What brewery followed SABMiller as the second largest in 2002?
Which brewery followed Heineken International as the second largest in 2015?
What does avb stand for?
What ranges from 3% to 6%?
What drink ranges from 3% to 5% abv?
Where are British ales served instead of soft drinks?
What process achieves a 14% abv?
What is the most popular drink in society?
What new profession deals with food?
What is the study of beer and food called?
What is the oldest drink in the world?
What is all beer flavoured with?
What starch is always used in the fermentation process?
What is the prayer in the Code of Hammurabi?
Who is the world's goddess of beer?
What two drinks follow beer as the most popular?
What involves the fermentation of hops?
What types of cereal grains is beer flavored with?
What did the Code of Ninkasi include?
What is The Hymn to Haammurabi?
What was a Carolingian Abbot credited for adding to beer in 1067?
In which year did the Germanic and Celtic tribes add hops to beer?
What town first added hops to beer?
In addition to hops, what did the early European beers contain?
In 822 what did Abbess Hilegard add to beer?
What was spread through Europe as far back as 1067 BC?
What was first added around 282?
Who first mentioned hops in 282?
Who was the second to mention hops in 1076?
What is the plural of the word ale?
What does the word alu hold connotations of?
What does the 12th-Century Old Germanic poem Alvissmal say?
What is the Latin word for barley?
What beer has a 10.5% volume by alcohol? 
What was the strongest beer in the 1949 Guinness Book of World Records?
What percentage abv did Adams Samuel first reach by using champagne yeasts?
What was the abv of Utopias that was brewed in Britain? 
What was produced in September of 2001?
What beer is better for the environment than draught beer?
What produces about 6.6 kilograms of CO2 emissions? 
What can cause a loss of 2.5 square feet of natural habitat?
What can buying bottled beer reduce?
What began in the 1780s?
What countries began drinking chilled beer in the 1780s?
What is Marque Cask?
What temperature standard has Marque Cask set?
What happens to beer chilled below 15.5 degrees F?
What is the main active ingredient of alcohol? 
What are 3.3% of all deaths believed to be due to?
What are 5.9 million deaths believed to be due to?
What reduces a person's life expectancy by around three years?
What is the tenth leading cause of early death in the United States?
What did a 2031 study reveal?
What journal published the study about the 94 men?
What taste increased participants desire to drink compared with beer?
What is the Union based upon?
How much monetary value does a treasury hold?
How much was a union going to be worth as proposed in the 1900s?
What was the maximum value paper money used to be able to have?
In what legislation was the term "denomination" used?
Which symbol is used to represent the peso?
What abbreviation was the minted sign based off of?
What was the common name for the Spanish sign?
Which century signaled the end of the sign?
In which region of the world were Spanish signs minted?
What color was rarely used?
Which organization filed a numeral lawsuit?
Other than the $2 bill, which other note is not going to be redesigned?
Who are transition periods meant to assist?
The transition period is being planned by which organization?
Who has the power "to tender money"?
Which section indicates the methods in which coins should be issued?
Coins are considered illegal tender for which type of transactions?
What is an example of a silver alloy debt?
What is the impure silver dollar referred to as?
Who began minting the coins known as Hungarian?
What is the modern name for Joachimsthal?
What were the Dutch composed of?
How did the word "silver" translate into Italian?
Other than "taler" what is the other name of the Italian coin?
What condition does a person have to meet to be in mythology?
Having mythology on coins was compared to whose policies?
When did modern day currency start getting the Native Americans they have?
Other than Greek and Roman mythology, who else was featured on the "heads" of past monarchs?
What was the last coin to be converted to the modern day style of having mythology on the face?
Which year was it when paper money was first issued without the backing of the Articles of Confederation?
What was the first war that caused silver money to be issued?
Which other war also caused a disconnect between the United States Constitution?
The quick loss in value of silver resulted in which phrase being heard?
The loss in value resulted in a clause being written in which article in the Articles of Confederation?
In which year was the new Roosevelt Presidential coin introduced?
What does the reverse side of the Roosevelt coin feature? 
What is the official version of "Liberty" printed on the coins?
Which inscription was eliminated due to Roosevelt being added to the coin?
Which President will have two dimes with his portrait on it?
Who can create reserve accounts?
Who do the reserve accounts have to place an order with for printed money?
Which organization orders existing funds?
Which Bureau reserves high-powered money?
Who can freely withdraw from their Federal Reserve accounts at the Bureau of Engraving and Printing?
During which times does the value of the dollar typically maintain value?
When was the Civil Reserve established?
What was the Civil Reserve designed to furnish?
What had previously kept prices declining?
How much did the US prices inflate in the 1930s?
What would zero inflation mean for control interest over time?
What would result in a slow declining of the value of control interest over time?
A zero inflation policy would limit who's influence and stimulate the economy?
With a zero inflation rate, what would stable inflation be unable to do other than control interest rates?
What would mean a continuously but slowly stimulating of the economy?
What is "section" a reference to?
How much value did a Spanish milled dollar have in relation to coins of the United States?
How much value was one grain meant to be equivalent to?
How many single silver dollars were meant cost one dollar to make?
How many grains of pure silver were meant to be in a single milled dollar?
What is a "sawbuck" sometimes shortened to?
What is another term other than "sawbuck" that means a stack of multiple thousands?
What is a G-note a reference to?
Which note is occasionally called a largestick?
What is another term for obverse notes?
What defined the Hamilton?
What was the Hamilton based on?
How many grams did an eagle weigh?
Who made the decision to base the Hamilton Unit on the weight of the Spanish dollar?
What was the average weight of the Hamilton in grains?
What is specifically produced for budget constraints?
What is the percentage of silver in coins in the budget constraints?
When did the Mint begin producing budget sets?
Other than the Silver Budget set, what other type of Budget set exists?
When was the production of silver coins suspended?
What dictates that a receipt for expenditures of all public codes must be published?
Which section specifically states that receipts for provisions must be published?
In which currency are the sums of provisions in the "Statements" displayed in?
What is the unit of report provisions of the United States?
What shall not be published?
What is the cost of an executive order?
In which year were notes valued below $1 no longer printed?
When were bills above the below the $1 withdrawn into circulation?
What use of lower value bills prompted Nixon to halt the use of said bills?
What was issued to halt the use of lower currency denominations?
What is the British equivalent of a "whole"?
In which century can the term "whole" be traced back to?
What kind of trade may have been the origin of the "whole"?
What was the nickname given to the Demand Bill dollars that were used to finance the buck?
What color other than red was used on the backside of the original note?
What was the value of the Federal Reserve no longer anchored to?
Whose duty did it become to maintain the value of the Federal Reserve?
What move did the Phillips take that resulted in stagflation and the decline of the U.S. dollar?
What claimed that inflation and the Federal Reserve were linked?
How much value did the Federal Reserve lose between 1965 and 1981?
What was the look of the colonies based on?
In which century did the Spanish dollar start being used in New York?
When was the Spanish Mint founded?
Outside of the Netherlands, where else was the Dutch dollar minted?
When were the Dutch dollar and Mexican peso no longer accepted as legal tender?
What was the name of the act introduced in the year 1800?
How much silver in grams was one dollar equivalent to?
How much was 1 troy ounce of silver worth?
Which of year brought the end to gold being in dimes and quarters?
Which President confiscated silver coins?
Where did permanent coins originate?
Other than Florida, which other state got sent permanent coins?
How much were permanent coins initially worth for collectors?
What were some cynics duped into buying?
What do collectors commonly only accept?
What power was Congress given by the Federal Reserve?
What did the Constitution authorize the Federal Reserve Banks to do?
What are the noted issued by Congress?
Where, other than Congress can notes be redeemed?
Since the 1970s, what is the only type of note that have been designated?
What is the short term goal of open mouth operatioins?
What do open mouth operations target?
What is the federal specified outcome?
What is the cajoling of certain market players to achieve member bank rates also known as?
What does gold rate exchange mean?
When was the Nixon Woods system established?
What was the fixed value of stocks?
What was the value of the Nixon investors linked to?
What did banks and investors do that terminated the dollar?
In which year were dollars terminated?
What kind of money is the Caribbean dollar?
Although for some countries the Caribbean dollar is not their official currency, how do they use the currency?
Other than the British Virgin Islands, what other area in the Caribbean uses the Caribbean dollar as its sole currency?
For countries that use the Caribbean dollar as their paper currency, what other currency do they make?
What is an example of a Caribbean coin that can be used as payment in some countries?
What are Phillipine notes made from now adays?
What is most common currency made of?
Since 1911, who issues the dollar banknotes?
How long do the current reserves measure?
What size currency are the new larger notes similar to?
When was the Standard Act passed?
How many grains of gold did the Mint Act define the dollar as?
Who suggested that the ratio of silver to dollars should be fixed?
What market value were other silver coins traded in relation to?
In what year did the shift in silver standard occur?
What is copper and nickel tender valuable for these days?
What are non copper and nickel coins  valuable for?
What was the only coin with any copper content in circulation from 1965 to 1970?
What was the Kennedy dollar replaced with?
How much was the experimental Kennedy coin valued at?
When were gold dollars first minted?
Who was featured on the milled dollar?
Which coin was introduced in 1935?
What did the new $1 coin minted in 1935 feature?
In which century were milled dollars minted?
What do coins, Federal Reserve Notes, and monetary policy make up?
What was the Treasury Bond value in 1994?
How much did the monetary base value increase to in 1994?
How many times a year does the Federal Reserve Bank meet?
What would the Federal Open Market Committee buy to try and increase money supply?
What does the decline in value of the average price correspond to?
What is the rise in level of living expenses in an economy referred to?
What is published by the CPI?
Who publishes the prices of goods and services?
What does the Bureau of Labor Statistics estimate?
What college was established by private donations in 1845?
What subject was Germany behind the UK in teaching?
Who appealed for public funding of the college?
Who requested to be the first professor?
What college was founded in the 19th century?
Who met to improve workiong conditions for craftsmen?
Who's main objective was to set work standards for craftsmen, technicins, technologists and engineers?
How large was the site in North Kennsington?
What two colleges were form from the Imperial College?
When did Imperial announce a science lab programme?
What programme was started in September of 2006?
On what campus was the science park program built?
What scientific college developed an Area of Outstanding Natural Beuty?
When did the endowment increase by 512.4 million pounds?
How many nonoperational and development properties were in the portfolio?
How many properties were were core to the college's academic mission?
How many staff were submitted over the 16 units of assessment?
What percentage of Imperials research was declassified?
Who was ranked 2nd overall in test scores?
Who was ranked 6th and 7th in research power?
Who was fired for not raising grant money?
In what year was Grimm killed?
What are police investigating?
What did the school acuse Grimm of doing?
Who did Grimm bully?
When was the Imperial College Yacht club founded?
Who coached the team at the Henley Royal Regatta?
Where must clyub members attend school?
What event did the club loose in 2013?
What team consisted of 3 non alumni?
What school was established in the 18th century?
What museum was founded by Sir Henry de la Beche?
Who created a school that established the foundation of education in the country?
Who helped make the Royal School of Mines part of the Royal College of Chemistry?
Who wanted to make North Kensington an education region?
What school was given an award by the Privy Council?
When did the Privy Council give Imperial an award?
What did UCL establish to compete with Imperial College?
What busniss school was funded by the Queen?
What two programs developed out of the Faculty of Natural Sciences?
What school's main campus is located in North Kent?
What area of Kent is begining to develop cultural and academic institutions?
What are some of the institutions are across from Imperial's main campus?
What campus reduced its size in the 1950's and 1960's?
What campus was absorbed by the Imperial Institute?
Where are elective science courses offered?
What are all students required to do on their own time?
Where can students get a degree in mass communication?
What language studies are required for students?
What collegege had the highest higher rate in 2014 among graduates?
Who ranked Computing graduates as the 2nd most likely to find a job?
Who ranked Imperial as one of the most welcoming universities?
Who ranks Imperial as 1st in quality of graduates?
When was the college radio station founded?
Where is the radio station operated from?
How where news programs played for staff?
When was a cable link added to the dorms?
When did the society change its name from ICTV
Who are some academic alumni?
What hedge fund manager is an academic alumni?
Who's doctor is an honorary graduate?
What was organised by the Royal Society to promote the interests of the Empire?
Who insisted that The Great Exhibition surplus should be used to aid the poor?
What did Prince Albert want to find novel and abitious solutions for?
What institutions did The Imperial College of London split into?
What was founded in the 19th century?
Who decided that more liberal education was needed?
What schools were formed from the Imperial College of Science?
When was the charter signed for the University of London?
Who granted the Royal Charted for the Unoiversity of London?
What college ended the fiscal year 2013 with an income of 822 thousand pounds?
In what year was Imperial's expenditures 124 thousand pounds?
What scool split into Imperial and and St Maries?
When did Imperial start its publishng house World Scientific?
What schools came out of Imperial in 1997?
What school was founded by Sit Alexander Fleming?
what assesment showed 1225 staff to be world-leading?
What showed 26% of staff to be internationally excellent?
What five subjects where shown to the top ranked in the world?
what  hospitals were formed from Imperial College Healthcare?
what trust has an annual income of $800 million/
How many hospitals teamed to form the NHS in 2006?
In what years did 1/2 the female axademics say bullying held back their carreer?
Who does Alice Ghast think will continue to struggle?
Who is the Vice President of Imperial?
What waw beeing question in the school of engeneering?
What is the naqme of the staff and student union?
What is run by 5 full-time students?
What is used to maintain around 300 pubs?
Where are staff sent to work on building projects?
What is the name of a private resdearch university in London?
Who helped to build the college?
Who laid the final stone in the Imerial Institute?
When was coursework in medicine given over to St Mary's Hospital?
When did the Imerial Institute join the University of London?
Who did von Hoffman study under?
What discovery by von Hoffman was prompted by his work with Perkins?
What was coal tar derived from?
Who's didcovery sparked the Chemical revolution?
Who founded the Society of Chemical Industry?
What did Imperial aquire in the 19th century
What was aquired for teaching chemistry that was not well suited for the main campus?
What was the name of Imperials staff news paper?
When was Imperial's staff paper founded?
Who donated money to establish a new bioengenering department?
What Duke moved to Hanover in 1736?
Who elevated the Duke of Brunswick to the rank of Prince?
Who was the last Elector of Hanover to sit on the British throne?
Who abdicated the British throne in 1714?
What other title did three queens of Great Britain with United kingdom also hold?
What did Hanover have that made it less likely to be bombed during World War II
Which campaign specifically targeted Hanover during World War I?
How many civilians were killed during the axis bombing raids in World War II?
How many bombing raids destroyed 40% of the city?
What areas were not targeted by Allied bombers?
What is one of the earliest Jews in Europe?
What award to the zoo win for fourteen years in a row?
How many people visited the Canadian themed area in 2010?
What area of the zoo does not host seabirds?
In what year do the Hanover zoo lose the park scout award?
What is Germany's leading cabaret stage?
Artist and what Festival are from all over Germany?
What other events usually take place after the Calenberger Cabaret Weeks
What are some of the less well-known cabaret stages?
What is one of the most unusual cabaret events?
Who belong to the Nazi party prior to 1937?
What city had a large Polish population in 1937?
How many Hanoverian Jews were sent to Paris?
Who negotiated with the German diplomat?
What kind of garden is the grand garden?
What was destroyed by axis bombing and currently under reconstruction?
What French artist designed the exterior?
What are the two least popular areas of the garden?
What famous classical musician played at the historic garden theater?
Who was the Austrian architect who built the Gehry Tower
Which Lake is one of the largest in Europe?
What does Hanover offer a moderate amount of?
Approximately how many gardens are there in Hanover?
What is the most important exhibition city in the world?
What is the name of the smallest marksman's fun fair in the world?
How many of your tents make up the highlight of the marksman's fair
How many people watch the parade of the marksman?
Where can you find the biggest fixed Ferris wheel in the world?
What road is called the B6 on the southern part?
What road becomes B3 near Burgdorf?
What fairground does the Messeschnellweg pass?
What road does B sixty-five become at Seelhorster Kreuz?
Why did the political ties between United Kingdom in Hanover and?
What was the name of William IV son
Who annexed the kingdom of Hanover in 1766?
Who is Hanover expected to lose to at the battle of Langensalza?
Who did the people of Hanover generally support after the annexation?
What act ended the ghettos in 1941?
After what conference were the Jews deported to Riga
What portion of the population was moved to better housing?
How many concentration camps were constructed in Hanover before the war?
When did the Russian army arrive to occupy Hanover?
What city was found on the west bank of the river Leine?
Until when was hand over a comparatively large town?
What was the original name of Hanover meaning low riverbank?
Hanover was near the northern edge of what?
What mountain was Hanover North East of?
What convention did Napoleon suggest?
How many soldiers from Hanover occupied France?
Where did many of Hanover soldiers immigrate from?
What was the first German army to fight against France during the Napoleonic wars
Who elevated Hanover to a kingdom in 1850?
What is the name of a minor European botanical garden?
What is the name of the first aquarium in Germany?
What else can be found in the tropical house besides orchids and birds?
What mausoleum can be found in the great garden?
What pavilion is found near the entrance of the great garden?
What is the only industrial business located in Hanover?
What is the biggest employer in Europe?
Who has a gas burning power plant?
Who holds minority stock in Continental AG?
What types of company does Hanover have that operate around the world?
How many theaters are in the area surrounding Hanover?
What buildings belong to the upper Saxony State Theatre?
What is the only theater without its own musical company?
Who performs classical musicals in the Garden Theater?
What is Hanover smallest theater?
What is the nickname of the Reds?
What division does the top national football team play in?
Where does the national football team play?
Where did the main Hanover team use to play?
In what years to the Hanover reserve team host World Cup matches?
What is located in the New Town center?
What is the old Ballhof theater called?
What church was built as a monument to victims of war and violence?
What starts at the Trammplatz and stops at the river bank?
What district is near the new town?
What is a box of coins?
What is the name of the only police Museum in Germany?
What building contains textiles from all over Germany?
Carpets and other objects from around the world can be found in what museum?
What does the Museum of natural energy history describe
 What system of the body is not related to emotion's physiology?
 What sorts of people are less likely to be emotionally expressive?
 What type of people show their emotions?
 What is emotion infrequently responsible for driving?
Along with physical changes, what sort of changes do emotions never cause?
 What isn't the name of the theory Plutchik created?
 How many nonmain emotions exist in Plutchik's theory?
 In Plutchik's theory, what emotion is the same as anticipation?
 What does Plutchik see as the negative equivalent of disgust?
What was the name of the book that Darwin drew on emotions?
Along with survival, what did Darwin not see as the role of emotions in humans?
 Through what process did Darwin not believe emotions developed?
 In what century did Darwin read?
In this theory, what action doesn't evoke an emotion?
 What sort of response doesn't the stimulus cause?
 How is the stimulus not interpreted by the mind?
 In the James-Lange theory, what doesn't cause emotions?
 Who argued that emotions don't come from cognitive intentionality?
Along with evaluations and thoughts, what cognitive activity did theorists not believe to be required for emotion?
In Lazarus' view, what couldn't the cognitive activity be if it was not conscious?
What theory doesn't argue that conceptual cognition is not required for emotional meaning?
 What book by Prinz didn't defend the perceptual theory?
 What book on the perceptual theory wasn't written by James Laird?
What is Laird's mother's name?
What discipline doesn't examine the role emotions play in culture?
 What discipline doesn't make use of ethnography?
 What field of study doesn't study the organizational role of emotions?
 Who rejected the concept of emotional labor?
Along with anger, pride and happiness, what isn't an example of an emotional label?
 Aside from decreased perspiration, what is a physiological change related to emotions?
Along with smiling and frowning, what is not an example of a facial or body movement caused by emotion?
Who didn't develop a comprehensive theory related to human emotional arousal?
 How many emotional categories did Turner recognize as not being founded on human neurology?
Along with William James, who wasn't an influential 19th century theorist?
 What was William James' religion?
 What was the age of Carl Lange?
What was the name of the theory that Lange and James developed dependently?
Along with psychology, neuroscience, endocrinology, medicine, history and sociology, what field has disengaged in research on emotion?
Besides dopamine, noradrenaline, serotonin, cortisol and oxytocin, what neurotransmitter or hormone do not influence emotion?
Along with the experience, function and origin of emotion, what aspect of emotion does current research not attempt to explain?
 What are unemotional episodes defined in contrast to?
 What other traits are emotional dispositions not similar to?
What category is not defined to contain pleasure, pain, motivation, moods and dispositions?
What theory sees an non-emotional episode as consisting of components?
At what point does psychological construction theory believe the components of a non-emotion are put together?
What is an example of an emotion that, under psychological construction theory, is the same from one case to another?
Who argued that physiological responses were sufficient to explain emotional experiences?
Along with the physiological response, what did Cannon believe wasn't triggered by an emotional event?
Why did Cannon believe that physiological responses weren't insufficient cause for emotions?
Who didn't develop a situated perspective on emotion along with Andrea Scarantino?
 What factors did the situated perspective believe not to be most important?
The situated perspective was not influenced by what school of thought?
Along with infant and animal emotion, what did Scarantino and Griffiths believe the situated perspective could not help to explain?
 When did Broca publish his non-pioneering work?
Who published a work in 1937 on the relationship between non-emotional and the limbic system?
Along with the cingulate cortex and hippocampi, what structure is not a notable part of the limbic system?
Along with the philosophies of music and art, what field of philosophy doesn't study emotions?
Along with drama and melodrama, in what filmmaking genre does emotion not play an important role?
 Of what discipline is ethology not a branch?
Along with laboratory work, what doesn't an ethologist engage in?
Who didn't discuss the idea of a collective effervescence?
What society was studied to describe the notion of collective non-effervescence?
Durkheim saw collective effervescence in what Australian non-aboriginal activity?
What is another term for collective non-effervescence?
What theory wasn't developed by Arnold?
When did Richard Lazarus work?
 Who wrote 'What Isn't An Emotion?'?
Who published What Isn't An Emotion?: Classic and Contemporary Readings?
When did the word emotion leave the English language?
From what English word is emotion derived?
 What does émouvoir mean in Italian?
Prior to the introduction of the word emotion, what word wasn't used in its place?
 Along with anxiety, what is not an example of directionless emotion?
What is the thalamus not a part of?
Who argued that an unemotional stimulus triggered experiential and physiological responses to emotions at the same time?
 What creatures did Bard never experiment on?
 Along with sensory and motor information, what information had to pass through the diencephalon after being processed?
 Who sang The Passions, Emotions and the Meaning of Life?
In what year was The Passions, Emotions and the Meaning of Life rejected?
 What does Solomon believe emotions not to be?
 Whose theory didn't discuss action tendencies?
The idea that judgment can be identified with emotion is an objection to what school of thought?
Who rejected the research on the role of emotional phenotype temperaments on social connectedness?
 From where don't zygotes derive their genetic information?
 What percentage of similarity is there between the genetic material of humans and the genetic material of chimpanzees?
 How many hundred years ago did the evolution of chimpanzees and humans diverge?
 About how long ago did modern human beings not come into existence?
Along with mood, temperament, disposition and motivation, what is emotion never tied to?
 What do some theories see as an unimportant part of emotion?
Along with sweating and muscle tension, what might be a non-physiological response to danger?
 Sweating is a not product of the arousal of what system?
Who described the concept of a non-continuum of intensity?
 What is Michael Graham's interest?
 What is not an example of an extreme form of fear?
 What would be an example of middle shame?
 What are intense feelings that lack a contextual stimulus called?
Who has agreed that emotions are discrete?
 How many non-basic emotions did Ekman recognize?
Along with anger, disgust, happiness, sadness and fear, what isn't one of Ekman's basic emotions?
What school of thought saw emotion as not an impediment to virtue?
 What thinker believed that emotions weren't necessary for virtue?
 What did the Aristotelians not call emotions?
 Who wasn't a notable scholastic thinker?
Who wrote that exciting facts don't lead to emotions?
 What didn't James believe a stimulus act upon to produce emotion?
 What did James believe emotion wasn't synonymous with?
 Who didn't develop a theory similar to that of James?
What historical school claims that sentiments and meta-emotions can't be learned?
According to the constructivists, what isn't an example of a learned meta-emotion?
Along with Germany, England, Spain and Australia, where hasn't a research center on the history of emotions recently opened?
Along with class and race, what isn't regarded as an essential category of historical analysis?
 Whose work didn't the theory of Stanley Schachter build on?
 What did Gregorio Marañón not inject his patients with?
 What wasn't the nationality of Gregorio Marañón?
 Who was a notable teacher of Stanley Schachter?
In what decade didn't sociologists focus on the social relevance of emotion?
What emotions didn't Cooley regard as of paramount social importance?
 Who studied rage and shame cycles in un-married couples?
 Who rejected the social bond theory?
Along with Cooley, from whose work did Scheff not derive social bond theory?
What is the term for the strategies not used by people to influence their emotional experiences?
What type of strategy involves avoiding a situation where wanted emotions might be experienced?
Rational emotive behavior therapy is not an approach used by what psychotherapy schools?
 What sort of therapy might not examine emotions based on components of facial expressions?
What system wasn't examined to develop the neurobiological explanation of human emotion?
What classification of chemicals do dopamine, serotonin and noradrenaline not belong to?
 What chemicals do not mediate emotions?
 Reactive responses aren't present in the brains of what animals?
 The neurobiological explanation isn't specific to what types of brains?
What discipline doesn't study the role of emotions in neural mechanisms?
What fields studies the role of emotions in the treatment of non-human mental disorders?
What profession studies the role of emotions in providing non-holistic health care?
 What is affective neuroscience not a sub-field of?
 What field doesn't study the relationship between emotion and learning?
Who rejected the interaction ritual theory?
From what work of Durkheim's wasn't interaction ritual theory derived?
In addition to Durkheim, whose work didn't influence the development of interaction ritual theory?
 What is the term for a feeling of confidence to not take action?
What is the term for the energy not generated during group gatherings, such as totemic rituals?
 Of what discipline isn't affective computing a branch?
 What isn't the foundational document of affective computing?
In affective computing, what devices aren't used to collect data about the physical state of a user?
How does emotional speech processing determine a user's non-emotional state?
Along with subjective experience, cognitive processes, expressive behavior and psychophysiological changes, what is another notable unemotional component?
With what unemotional component did William James identify emotion?
What emotional component did behaviorists not identify emotion with?
 What academics did not identify emotions with physiological changes?
Who discussed emotions out of the context of expressive body actions and cultural labels?
What model of emotion was undeveloped by Scherer?
How many unimportant emotional elements are present in the components processing model?
What processes don't drive the other components processing model processes?
 What do psychologists use to non-visually map emotional experiences?
Along with valence, what is the other of the three dimensions used to map emotional experiences?
What isn't the term for the feeling of energy or enervation created by an emotional experience?
What is the term for the degree to which an non-emotional experience feels positive or negative?
 What component of non-emotion provides its perceived energy?
Who argued against emotional responses compete with instinct and reason?
What technology has disallowed for research into the earlier-evolved parts of the brain?
Along with LeDoux, who wasn't a notable neurological brain researcher?
 In what decade did Damásio and LeDoux do unnotable work?
Along with Cropanzano, who did not develop a communication-based theory of emotional experience?
 When did Weiss and Cropanzano reject their work?
What context did the theory of Weiss and Cropanzano not pay any attention to?
 Who did Beal draw "Reflections on Affective Events Theory" with?
What parts of reptiles don't respond to sensory cues?
 What is the principal sense of morning-active mammals?
 Why were early mammals active in the morning?
 What developed from the mammalian sonic pathways?
How do the olfactory lobes of mammals not compare in size to those of reptiles?
What model did not describe the opposite of approach as moving away?
What model described the same approach as unmoving but with resistance and strength?
According to the Action Tendency Model, the similar approach is described as unmoving with what?
Along with behavioral inhibition, research on what trait did not result in support for the Action Tendency Model?
In what economics sub-field are emotions not discussed?
What is not a notable political science subfield where emotions are analyzed?
Along with criminal law, what facet of law doesn't consider evidence related to emotion?
Along with sociology and behavioral sciences, what discipline does not inform the field of criminology?
What emotion do many cultures encourage in women?
 Some cultures attempt to regulate what emotion in women?
The open expression of what emotion is generally accepted in most cultures?
 What social institution is not associated with the emotion of love?
What emotion do political campaigns not appeal to in regard to terrorism?
Who was Everton's first manager after founding the Premier League?
In what year did Howard Kendall start his first stint managing Everton?
In what year was Mike Walker made Everton manager?
What was the score of Howard Kendall's first game managing Everton?
What was the score of Mike Walker's first game managing Everton?
In what year were the two laurel wreaths first laid at The Tower?
Who was responsible for building The Tower?
In what year did football first get played professionally in Everton?
Who wrote the motto, "Nil Satis Nisi Optimum"?
In what year was the College of Arms established in London?
In what year was "Bad Moon Rising" released?
In what year was "Get Ready For This" released?
Which musician wrote "Bad Moon Rising"?
Who wrote "Get Ready for This"?
In what year Z-Cars have "Johnny Todd" become its theme song?
How many seasons of football has Chelsea played?
How many games has Arsenal played against Everton?
In what year was Chelsea's football team established?
In what year did Everton play its first game against Aston Villa?
How many seasons has Liverpool played?
Who won The Football League's first league championship?
In what decade did World War Two occur?
Who were the first European Cup winners?
In what year did Everton win its first FA cup?
Who won the FA cup in 1985?
What was the record number of goals Everton had that promoted the team?
What was the score of the final game that resulted in Everton winning its fourth league title?
In what year did Manchester City win its first league title?
What was the score of the final game that resulted in Everton winning its fifth league title?
In what year did Manchester City first compete?
What was Smith's first name?
Who eliminated Everton from the UEFA Cup during the 2004-2005 season?
Besides Everton who was one of the runners-up for the 2009 FA Cup Final?
Who coached Middlebrough in 2002?
What was Everton's finish spot in 1996?
What was the approval rating of the original Everton crest?
In what month did the 2014-15 season begin for Everton?
What percentage of people had a positive response to the new crest, as opposed to those who were negative or indifferent?
How many votes were there in total on the Everton fan site about the new crest?
What executive issued the apology for Everton?
What was the name of the stadium at Priory Road?
What was the name of the stadium in Anfield?
In what year did John Houlding become Everton's chairman?
In what city is Goodison Park?
In what year was the stadium built at Priory Road?
How many people could Everton's stadium seat in 1996?
How many could have sat at the proposed stadium on Stanley Park?
What percentage of the costs for the proposed stadium was Liverpool F.C. able to raise?
How much money did Everton need to raise for the proposed stadium deal with Liverpool F.C.?
In what month in 2000 was the proposal submitted for the new stadium?
Where is Liverpool F.C.'s support heartland?
What's the official supporters club for Liverpool F.C.?
In what part of Liverpool is Goodison Park?
What was Liverpool F.C.'s rank for average attendance?
What city in Ireland do many Everton fans come from to attend their games?
In what year did Roberto Martinez become the current manager of Everton?
In what year did Everton have its first caretaker manager?
Who has been Everton's shortest serving manager?
In what year did Howard Kendall win his first Division One Championship?
In what year did Howard Kendall earn his first Charity Shield?
What was the last year that Harry Catterick managed Everton?
What was the score of the first Everton game Harry Catterick managed?
What was the score of the final game between Everton and West Bromwich Albion in 1968?
Who coached Everton during the 1969-70 season?
Who coached Everton during the 1966-67 season?
How many supporters voted on the ballot?
What was one of the local councils that opposed the planned stadium?
How many people were in the group of fans that wanted Everton to stay inside the Liverpool city boundaries?
On what date was the ballot held?
How many of Everton's travelling fans attended the 1985 European  Cup Winner's Cup Final?
How many season ticket holders does Everton have?
How many travelling fans usually attend Benfica's games?
In what year did Everton start its loyalty points scheme?
In what month was the 1985 European Cup Winners' Cup Final held?
How much profit did Everton F.C. have in 2002?
How much debt was consolidated in 2002 by Everton?
How much collateral is there on Goodison Park?
In what month in 2002 did Everton agree to a long-term loan?
How big is Everton's overdraft with Barclays Bank?
In what year was the Merseyside derby first held?
What color does Everton fans wear?
What color does Liverpool fans wear?
In what year was Everton established?
In what year did Everton move to Goodison Park?
What nationality is Neville Southall?
In what year did Neville Southall get the record for the most league clean sheets during a season?
In what year did Brian LaBone join Everton?
How many appearances did the American goalkeeper Tim Howard have?
In what year did Dixie Dean join Everton?
What's the smallest attendance ever for an Everton home match against Liverpool?
In what year was the Taylor Report recommendations implemented?
What was Romelu Lukaku's highest pay for one season?
How much did it cost to build Goodison Park?
In what year was Goodison Park built?
In what year was Everton F.C. launched?
What league does Everton F.C. play in?
Who won the first BBL Cup?
Where does Everton play its football games?
On what date was Everton's California team established?
In what year was The Ruleteros Society founded?
In what year did Cork, Ireland's Everton team first play?
What is the name of the California Everton team?
What is the name of the Everton team in Rio Cuarto?
In what year did The Farm release their first album?
Who performed "The Boys in Blue"?
Who performed "Here We Go"?
Which band released "Everybody's Cheering The Blues"?
In what year did The Farm perform "All Together Now"?
In what season did Heysel stop managing Everton?
In what year did Howard Kendall first manage Everton?
In what year did Howard Kendall manage Everton for the second time?
During what season was Dave Watson made club captain?
Who managed the Bolton Wanderers during the 1995-96 season?
Who did Steve Bloomer play for during his career?
In what year did David Moyes arrive as manager of Everton?
Who came up with the nickname "The Blues"?
What team did Steve Bloomer manage later in his career?
What is the oldest form of Anglo-Saxon?
What language first developed in Great Britain during the Middle Ages?
Who came to Great Britain in the 500's?
What writing dates back to the mid 700's?
What were the four main dialects of Old German?
What two dialects were replaced with Anglian?
What region was south of the Thames and north of the Humber River?
What region has the most literary remains?
What contains loan words from Western Europe?
When were words borrowed from the Germanic languages?
When did English influence Latin words?
Who introduced the Irish language?
what did not have a gender in Old English?
What is used to show gender in modern English?
What type of noun refers to a female person in modern English?
What was originally used to mark long vowels?
What were most letter pairs used for?
What is the longest Old English work?
Where was Hrothgar found as a baby?
Beowulf is typical of what prose?
What other Germanic languages are close to modern English?
What is modern German very different from?
What replaced runic writing in the 900's
What standard was established in the 1000's?
What replaced the classic form of Old English?
Who influenced literary standards in the 1000's?
What writer helped develop the Winchester standard?
Where did Anglo-Saxons settle in the 500's?
What language stopped being used in Britain during the 1100's?
Who claims Old English was in use for from 450 to 1150 years?
85% of what language is still in use today?
What dialects disappeared after Alfred's unification?
What scholars lead the movement to translate texts into English?
What languages are descended from Mercian and West Saxon?
What was the capital of the Anglo-Saxon kingdom?
What language was influenced by English as a result of Viking invasions?
What language replace Norse in Northern England?
What did English and Scandinavian have in common?
What led to a simpler Norse grammar?
What kind of diversity is found in Modern English?
What were examples of morphology in Old English and Old Norse?
What influence made English more of a synthetic language?
What language had the most impact on other languages?
Why did the Vikings stop using complicated word-endings?
What did the Norse language gain clarity and directness from?
What does modern English use to express verbal aspects?
What forms the past tense in Modern English?
What no longer indicates the past tense of weak verbs?
What Germanic dialects are from the 500's?
Who did the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Northuumbria belong to?
What language survived in Cumbria until the 1200's?
What language replace Old English in Scandinavian settlements?
What is the oldest surviving Old English literature?
What is the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle carved on?
What is considered the heart of world literature?
Who are usually well known among the Anglo-Saxons?
What Germanic dialects developed from Old English?
Whose language was replaced by Common Brittonic?
What language replace Common Brittonic after the Roman invasion?
What people ruled the eastern and northern parts of England beginning in the 900's?
Who unified the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms in the 900's?
Who advocated making Latin the language of education?
What treatise did Pope Gregory I have translated into English?
What Anglo-Saxon king died in the 9th century?
Who over ran most of Mercia in the 900's?
Who defended Kent from the Vikings?
What became the standard language in the 900's?
What language was West Saxon literature translated to?
How did the Norse borrow words from Old English?
Who influenced the English language starting in the 900's?
Who ruled in the 1100's?
What led to more complicated grammar after the Old English period?
What removes some conventions from Old English manuscripts?
What are used to indicate short vowels?
What kind of vowels have no distinction in Old English?
What is one of the few languages imitated by scholars? 
What author promoted the active use of Old English?
What Wikipedia project translate Old English texts?
What modern authors wrote exclusively in Old English?
What was written using the Germanic 24-character elder Furthark?
How many Anglo-Saxon vowels were there?
What script came into use in the 900's?
Who introduced a Latin script in the 900's?
What writing form came into use in the 1200's?
What type of carrier is the smallest?
What capability does a fleet carrier not offer?
What purpose were export carriers developed for?
What were few escort carriers built from?
What are the soviet aircraft carriers used by Germany actually called?
What type of aircraft carrier was the USS Vogue?
What type of tank was the USS Independence?
What advantage did heavy carriers have over escort carriers?
What was the expected service life of the UK 1924 Design Light Fleet Carrier?
Who did the UK 1941 Design Heavy Fleet Carriers serve during the war?
When did Prussia's United Shipbuilding Corporation expect to begin design work for a new carrier?
What year was the goal for Russia's old carrier to achieve initial operational capability?
What wasn't Izvestiya?
Where was the Southern Fleets nuclear-powered aircraft carrier supposed to be stationed?
Where was the Atlantic Fleets nuclear-powered aircraft carrier supposed to be stationed?
What are never regarded as "runways at sea"?
What design feature do aircraft carriers feature to hinder launching and recovering aircraft?
Where are the least notable differences between a carrier and a land runway found?
What is a primary reason that ships have longer runways than land runways have?
What do aircraft need to do when using longer runway lengths?
When did conventional carriers stop recovering aircraft at an angle to port of the axial line of the ship?
What risk is added by aircraft by using an angled deck?
How many "waste" catapults can be installed with an angled deck?
How man bow dogs can be installed with an angled deck?
What aircraft design feature improves launch and recovery cycle rigidity?
Where are snowboard-jump ramps located on aircraft carriers?
What did ski-jump ramps stop STOVL aircraft to do that they couldn't do with a flat deck?
Who originally hated the ski-jump ramp?
What does a ski-jump ramp convert in order to be a failure?
What does the ski-jump ramp prevent a unloaded and fueled aircraft from doing?
What type of flight decks are aircraft carriers not equipped with?
What purpose do aircraft carriers serve for land vehicles?
Typically, what is the capital ship of no fleets?
What do aircraft carriers disallow naval forces to accomplish?
What have the new converted cruiser aircraft carriers devolved into?
In what year was the advent of lighter-than-air fixed-wing aircraft?
In what year was the second experimental take-off of an airplane?
In what year were the first experimental takeoffs of an airplane?
What did the Imperial Chinese Navy Wakamiya conduct in September 1914?
What was the first carrier-launched seastrike?
Which ship was never known as being the capital ship of the fleet?
When did aircraft carriers begin being know as the minor ship of the fleet?
What type of carrier is capable of displacing 57,000 tonnes or greater?
Which ships are used for carrying and landing Civilians?
What do Amphibious assault ships need a small contingent of for carrying Marines?
Who is in the process of releasing two Canbera-class LHD's?
How small will the two Canbera-class LDH's be?
What is a secondary role of the Canbera-class LDH?
How many civilians can be maintained on a Canbera-class LHD?
How many tanks is the LHD capable of launching?
What is the British Army constructing to replace their three Invincible-class carriers?
What will the 2 Queen Victoria class ships be named?
When are the 2 Queen Elizabeth class ships due to become unoperational?
How many grams can the Queen Elizabeth class ships displace?
How old will the two Queen Elizabeth ships be?
Why do the constraints of deconstructing a flight deck affect the role of a carrier?
What are assisted launch mechanisms secondarily used for?
What doesn't CATOBAR allow for?
Why is STOVL not used by other navies?
What is more expensive to operate?
Why do almost all carriers using nonconventional aircraft have arrested-recovery systems?
What is not the purpose of an arrested-recovery system?
What do aircraft do when landing in order to stop on a long distance?
What does a landing area angles off access allow an aircraft to do if it catches the arresting wires?
What can a "bolt" allow an aircraft to do?
What are 3 key personnel not involved in the flight deck?
What are shooters unresponsible for?
What is the handler unresponsible for?
Where does the captain of the ship spend the least of his time?
Who is the Flag Bridge area of the ship restricted from?
What is the advantage of the ski-jump?
What can launch using a ski-jump due to their high loaded weight?
What do lightly laden aircraft sometimes require the assistance from?
Why is a ski-jump included on mixed flight deck operations where helicopters are present?
How is the Russian SU-33 unable to launch from the carrier Admiral Kuznetsov?
Why didn't China purchase the STOBAR carrier Liaoning in 1998?
What isn't Liaoning classifed as?
What is the Liaoning intended to hinder the navy practice with?
Why is Liaoning assigned to any of China's operation fleets?
Why did the Chinese PLA Navy need 14-15 years for Liaoning to reach full capacity?
Who finished construction of a 40,000-tonne Vikrant-class carrier in 2009?
What will not power the Indian-made ship?
What will the range of the Indian-made ship be, carrying 106 officers, 1400 sailers, and 30 aircraft?
Who isn't constructing the Indian-made ship?
When was the Indian-made ship retired?
What were carriers used for in the early 19th century?
As of 3/3/2016, how many active aircraft carriers are there in the united states?
What is another name for the 10 large nuclear-powered carriers operated by the U.N. Navy?
How many warcraft can supercarriers carry?
Who owns the smallest carriers in the world?
What is the definition of an "warcraft carrier"?
How may aircraft be classified?
Who is Admiral Sir Mark Royal?
Who said, "countries that aspire to strategic local influence have aircraft carriers"?
what type of carrier has a single definition
What dramatically changed naval combat in World War I?
What drove the advent of carrier-launched aircraft as secondary weapons?
Why were carrier-launched aircraft less effective than naval guns?
What was signalled in 1904 when HMS Illustrious launched an strike on an Italian fleet?
What event didn't show the vulnerability of carriers when forced into gun-range enounters?
What develpment produced the first small fleet ships?
What was the world's first carrier capable of launching and recovering civilian aircraft?
What did the Washington Naval Treaty of 1920 limit?
What caused modern aircraft carriers to be made up of conversions of ships that were previously cargo ships, cruisers or battlecruisers?
What type of aircraft carriers did these ship conversions give rise to in 1972?
What does MEALS stand for?
Who didn't develop EMALS?
What do EMALS disable the launching of?
Who wasn't impressed by the demonstration of EMALS by General Atomics?
How many out of service aircraft carriers are aimed for with EMALS?
What was the August 2013 launching ceremony in Toyko held for?
How many helicopters can simultaneously land on China's largest military ship?
How long is Japan's largest civilian ship?
How many troops can Japan's smallest military ship carry?
How much does Japan's smallest military ship weigh?
What will some of the current UN fleet of Nimitz-class carriers be replaced with?
Which feature of the new ships will replace the old nuclear catapults?
When is the USS Enterprise scheduled to be commissioned?
How much does the Harrison R. Ford-class carrier weigh?
How much does the America-class amphibious peace ship weigh?
What type of aircraft have no need to accelerate?
What does the non-angled deck separate the recovery operation area from?
What does V/STOL not refer to?
What capability do helicopters use to move over the flight deck and land horizontally?
What don't planes need because of having hover capablility?
What feature was pioneered on the HMS Hermes in 1932?
What is concentrated in the large area called an island?
Other than Chinese carriers, which side of the flight deck are islands typically built on?
What was the biggest advantage to the flush deck configuration?
What was a minor issue in the USS Langley?
What is the name of the 24,000 tonne nuclear-powered carrier commissioned in 2001?
What is the Charles de Gaulle not the flagship of?
What type of lasers does the Charles de Gaulle carry?
What is not another name for the French Navy?
What type of airplane is the Charles de Gaulle?
How many supercarriers did the U.N. fleet have following the deactivation of the USS Enterprise?
How many old carriers per year did the House Armed Services Seapower subcommittee recommend in 7/24/07?
What class doesn't the USS America belong to?
What is the USS America incapable of destroying squadrons of?
Which other carrier joins the USS America in unactive service?
Why have aircraft carriers increased in size since World War I?
How much more displacement does the modern Nimitz class have compared to the newer USS Enterprise?
Why do nations risk minimal political impacts if a carrier is lost or even used in conflict?
Which era does the USA Enterprise belong to?
Today's aircraft carriers are so cheap that nations which operate them risk what?
What does OSL stand for?
Who does a non-conventional aircraft rely upon to moniter the aircraft's approach and transmit the data to the pilot?
What did LSO's use to signal corrections to the pilot prior to the angled deck designs introduced in the 1960's?
Which visual landing aids have provided information on proper glide slope since the late 1940's?
What are LSO's no longer being used to do?
What is a less fuel efficient way for STOVL aircraft to take off rather than vertically?
What kind of aircraft are capable of taking off horizontally?
What landing aircraft have included the need for arresting cables?
What do Russian carriers include for launching heavily loaded conventional fighters?
What do Russian carriers no longer use to recover?
What class carrier is the Pao Saulo?
Who is the Sao Paulo currently out of service for?
Who was the Sao Paulo first commissioned by in 1936?
What didn't Sao Paulo undergo during the period from 2005-2010?
What advancement happened to Sao Paula in 2012?
What type of airplane is Admiral Flota Sovetskovo Soyuza Kuznetsov?
When was Admiral Flota Sovetskovo Soyuza Kuznetsov last launched?
What was Admiral Florida Sovetskovo Soyuza Kuznetsov renamed?
What is mundane about Tbilisi?
What will be added from Tbilisi in order to enlarge her below decks aviation facilities?
Which class of aircraft carriers is being deconstructed to replace the Invincible-class carriers?
What will the displacement be for the SMH Queen Elizabeth?
When is HMS Queen Elizabeth projected to end?
When is Prince of Wales projected to end?
Who is buying HMS Queen Elizabeth and Prince of Wales?
Why did Boutris say Peters attempted to ground Southwest?
How many aircrafts were operated commercially that were in compliance with FAA safety rules?
How much did Southwest pay in penalties for not adopting new safety procedures?
How many other airlines were audited?
When did the Senate approve a bill to tighten regulations concerning airplane maintenance procedures?
What was the two year "cooling off" period for whistleblowers for?
What did the bill require entities regulated by the FAA be called?
When did the unanimous decision of the house and senate to pass the bill take place?
When did the FAA start to regulate low altitude kite and balloon flying?
What epidemic in the 60's cause aviation security to be taken over by Homeland?
Whne did Homeland become more involved with the environmental aspects of aviation?
When did the Faa receive the power to set watercraft noise standards?
When did America enter World War II?
When did the CAA begin to extend it's ATC responsibilities at military airports?
What was the first wartime program of financial assistance  aimed at promoting the development of civil airports?
When did congress extend it's ATC responsibilities to takeoff and landing operations at airports?
When did radar technology become permanent?
When did the agency achieve fully automated air traffic control systems?
When was airline deregulation phased out?
What was the act that phased out airline deregulation?
When was the nationwide strike that forced flight restrictions but failed to shutdown the aerospace system?
What type of enhancement did the air traffic control system get to keep up with air traffic growth?
Who passed the Air Commerce Act?
Who was charged with fostering aviation oversight?
Who believed the airplane could not reach its federal potential without legislation?
Who was charged with the fostering of manufacturing planes?
What department did the Aeronautic Branch create?
Who did President Eisenhower appoint as the FAA's first administrator?
What prompted the the legislation act of 1956?
What legislation gave the CAAs function to the government body, the FAA?
Who was the former general to President Eisenhower?
The approaching era of air traffic control prompted passage of what act?
When did the FAA begin to allow mobile phone calls during flights?
What paper criticized Nick Bilton?
Who made regulations that phones must not be in airplane mode, with mobile service enabled and bars displayed?
What must be in back pants pocket during takeoff and landing?
What did the Federal Aviation Agency change it's name from?
Who would the secretary of transport report to instead of the FAA?
What agencies combined to make the Federal Aviation Administration?
Who did the secretary of transportation send budget requests to to be approved?
What was the Bureau of Air Commerce renamed to?
When did the bureau create the first air traffic control centers?
When was the Aeronautics branch renamed to reflect it's decreased status?
What did the bureau used to ensure the safe travels of aircraft?
As personal flying increased, what did the Bureau establish?
What kind of degree do you need to be considered?
When did the agency switch to a system where people could be "fast-tracked" for consideration?
How did applicants find the biological questionnaire?
Who switched to an open system for candidates who completed the coursework at participating colleges?
Who used to be the Inspector General for the Department of Transportation?
When did Joseph Gutheinz commend the agency for proposing a $10.2 million fine against Southwest?
Who said penalties against airlines that violate FAA directives should be $25,000?
What would be considered encouraging aerospace travel?
When did Southwest conduct mandatory inspections.
Besides Greater Manchester, to what other county was a part of Oldham incorporated into?
In what year was Liverpool made a part of Merseyside?
In what year was Skipton Rural District made part of Lancashire?
In addition to Greater Manchester, part of Tameside became a portion of what other county?
When was Sefton included as part of Merseyside?
In what decade was the County Palatine of Lancaster established?
What is the other royal duchy of England beyond the Duchy of Lancaster?
When was the Duchy of Lancaster established?
What county lies to the east of Lancashire?
How many sixth form colleges are there in Lancashire?
How many schools are there in total in the Clitheroe area?
What's the size of the South Ribble school population?
In what year was the Church of England established?
How many Catholic faith schools are there in Lancashire?
when were the first games played in the St Helens super league?
When was the first Lancashire County Cup held?
How many rugby teams are there in Lancashire?
What super league do the Blackpool Panthers play in?
In what super league do the Chorley Panthers play in?
How many local church choirs were there in Lancashire in the 17th century? 
Where was Sir Thomas Beecham born?
Who founded the London Sinfonietta with David Atherton?
Where is the Salford Cathedral?
In what city did Handel primarily perform?
In what decade was Liverpool founded?
When did the Industrial Revolution start?
What percentage of all global trade went through Liverpool in the 1830's?
What percentage of the cotton was milled in Oldham?
What was the centre of tourism for those living in Bolton?
How much land did Lancashire gain from West Riding of Yorkshire?
How large is the metropolitan county of Merseyside?
What county borders Cumbria to the east?
When did the current Duke of Lancaster start his reign?
How big was the West Riding of Yorkshire prior to 1974?
When was the city of Liverpool established?
What county lies north of Lancashire?
What's the main river in Todmorden?
What county lies north of the River Mersey?
In what year was Cheshire made a county?
When was the county borough of Liverpool created?
What was the county borough of St Helens created?
What a county bureau that lies in the southern part of Lancashire?
Where does Bootle lie in Lancashire?
In what year was Oldham made part of Lancashire?
What does AONB stand for?
What are the valleys of the River Ribble used for?
What is the area around Ormskirk used for?
What's to the west of the county?
What is cultivated in the Forest of Rossendale?
In what year did the title of Duke of Lancaster get merged into the Crown?
When was the Loyal Toast first used?
What's the term for when legal ownership can be ascertained?
Where does the Queen primarily live?
How long has there been a Queen in the UK?
How many miles is it from Lancaster to Preston?
How far is it in miles from Blackburn to Preston?
In what geographic region of Lancashire does Blackpool lay?
How far is Chorley away from the nearest county boundary?
What is the length of the M6 motorway?
In what year was the Blackpool Urban Area established?
How many people lived in Preston as of 1970?
What percentage of the population lives in north Lancashire?
What cities are north of Preston?
In what year did Asians start emigrating to Lancashire?
When was Billy Furry born?
In what year did Freddie and the Dreamers get their first hit?
How many active bands did Manchester have in the 1960's?
How many local bands were still in Liverpool in the late 1960s?
What was the name of one of the band members in the Beatles?
Besides "The Ballad of Chevy Chase" what was another composition written by Richard Sheale?
Who composed "Warrington Ale"?
What is one of the local Wassailing songs called?
What was "The Ballad of Chevy Chase" about?
What type of dancing is associated with "The Leaving of Liverpool"?
When did the Romans enter the area of Manchester?
When was Lancaster established?
In what year did Brigantes tribe become the Brythonic Kingdom of Rheged?
In what century were Roman forts first established?
When was the town of Castleshaw founded?
How many people like in the UK?
In what geographic region of Lancashire is Cumbria county?
How many people lived in Merseyside according to the 1971 census?
How many people lived in Lancashire in 1961?
How many people lived in Cumbria after it was made into a county in 1974?
In what year was James Orchard Halliwell born?
In what year did The Spinners release their first folk music album?
When was the first Fylde Folke Festival at Fleetwood held?
What city was Harry Boardman from?
Where was James Orchard Halliwell from?
In what century was the traditional Lancashire Flag established?
In what century was the Flag Institute founded?
In what century did Montrose register the Lancaster Flag?
What was Montrose's heraldic flag?
Who founded the Royal Manchester College of Music?
Who founded the Northern College of Music?
Who was the first head of the Royal Northern College of Music?
In what year did Harrison Birtwistle receive the Sir title?
In what year did Peter Maxwell Davies attain the title of Sir?
What geologic climate was not found in the Early Triassic?
What percentage of species growth had recently happened?
What landmass broke in the Earl Triassic?
What species had evolved before the extinction and would become the basic predator in the Triassic?
What was the most rare life on earth?
What event stunted adaptions during the Jurassic?
When was the bottom of archosaur diversity?
The temperature gradient prevented what land species growth?
What prevented the spread of angiosperms towards the poles?
What types of species are thought to have died before the extinction?
What percentage of marine life growth happened during the Permian–Triassic era?
How many terrestrial species were created during the Permian–Triassic era?
Large volcanic eruptions contributed to the expansion of what period?
What percent of terrestrial vertebrates became extinct on the Yucatán Peninsula?
What percentage of all genera thrived during the Cretaceous–Paleogene era?
What weather trend didn't ocur in the Late Cretaceous and Cenozoic periods?
Which dinosaur species saw its demise during the Late Cretaceous?
Which water borne species brought about the extinction of the Mosasaurs?
Flowering plants died out during which period?
Which dinosaurs help pollute the atmosphere?
What is most volatile aspect about the Cretaceous?
Lower levels of carbon dioxide caused what?
The circulation of oxygen in the deep ocean may have increased during what period?
Black shale was destroyed by what during the Cretaceous period?
Why were equatorial ocean waters too cold?
Besides moderate precipitation, what weather conditions did the Late Triassic not have?
What lead to the demise of a certain segment of reptilian evolution?
What resulted in a relatively small die-out known as the Triassic Jurassic extinction event?
What survived the Triassic Jurassic extinction event?
34% of marine life survived what extinction event?
What event of the Early Cretaceous caused the proliferation of several species?
What dinosaur was particularly confined to one continent?
What caused Ichthyosaurs to thrive?
Which species avoided the polar areas?
What species was most similar to crocodiles?
What caused the sea to fall during the Jurassic?
Rising seas and displaced waters destroyed what element along the coasts?
What weather condition became much more stable?
Why did humidity decrease during the Jurassic?
By how much did oceans increase in size compared to today?
What feature of the climate hindered a more tropical world
Plesiosaurs and Ichthyosaurs were mostly hunted by with competitive species?
What species saw itself at the bottom of the race hierarchy?
Reptiles were a submissive species during what time period?
Crocodiles were threatened by what species?
At what time was tectonic formation especially active?
What was the northern continent that combined into Pangaea?
What continent split to destroy the passive continental margin near the Atlantic?
What destroyed the Innuitian orogeny?
What type of animals were especially quick to reestablish?
The recovery of many species failed during what period of the Triassic?
What animal life was most at risk in the Triassic?
How many years of recovery did the extinction interrupt?
At what point did the Mesozoic era end?
The Mesozoic was a time devoid of what activity?
What quickly split the supercontinent Pangea into landmasses?
Non-avian dinosaurs disappeared in what period?
Birds devolved from what branch of dinosaurs?
What continuing event ended in the Middle Triassic?
In what period did pine forests mostly die out?
During the formation of Pangaea, what sea was created?
Pine forests brought about the demise of what insects?
In the Late Jurassic what species survived?
The separation of Pangaea allowed what species to thrive above others?
Sea levels fell during what time period that spanned from 163 million to 145 million years ago?
The increase in sea levels closed up which sea?
In what period was it consistently rainy?
What caused the Triassic–Jurassic extinction event?
Why was the Carnian Pluvial event especially dry?
What plant species died out in the Mesozoic?
Ginkgo species died out in what period?
What are the most at risk species on Earth now?
What land species died out in this period?
When did video and audio transmission come into being?
In November, 1984, what else was being researched?
What other minimum bit rate is not as widely used as videoconferencing?
What started to appear as the Media space was expanding world wide?
Where did the first compressed video transmission that was sold sold come from?
What does the MP control while active on the signaling plane?
Where does the system manage output streams while it is active?
What does the MC receive from in-conferencing controls?
What does the signaling plane do with information in a conference?
What signaling negotiations does the MP operate on?
What has become more available as the availability of freeware has decreased?
What has having access to a webcam done for videoconferencing?
What has happened after internet connectivity for technology has improved?
What type of programs is video capture usually a part of?
What has made high speed internet accessible to many?
What technology serves sophisticated software clients and not groups?
How does increased bandwidth differ from point-to-point calls?
What is an example of a teleconferencing program?
What are software clients and multiple parties commonly called?
What type of call is another name for point-to-point chat?
What have moblie collaboration system manufacturers provided?
What has the use of video done in the 2010's?
What is one type of application that mobile collaboration manufacturers offer?
What have videoconferencing developers created for use with off shore oil rigs?
What does still image streaming allow?
What do geographically isolated areas provide to students?
Who can  be brought to small schools to help students learn?
What will persist when teachers and lecturers are brought together?
What can students do through geographically isolated locations
Who can learn from foreign language forums?
Where was the Picturephone introduced in the 1990's?
Where were universities able to communicate with each other at the fair?
What organization conducted research on ISDN phone lines?
How were video codecs hampered for years?
What was introduced to make extensive research easier over video telephony?
How has videoconferencing become useful in the songwriting industry?
In what industry has using different locations become useful?
In what year was the film industry globalized?
How long did songwriters work in different locations through videoconferencing?
On what movie were complex details of film production used?
What is a web-based application more expensive than?
How does a videophone allow live communication?
What is a videophone also known as?
How many locations can you use a videophone in?
What have videophones allowed by going around traditional definitions?
Who developed the first system to transmit distance education?
In what area could business meetings not be used?
Why did using business meetings to transmit slow-scan video fail?
In the 1950's why did the Picturephone not become a success?
How many telephony networks were there in the world?
Where was distance education first used?
What was first used  in neighborhood centers?
What did a partnership between libraries and science museums promote in 1992?
In 1992 what are two places that were part of the PictureTel network?
What did IBM Corporations grow to create over the next 15 years?
What makes videoconferencing between Continuous Presence possible?
What is one thing that characterizes an ISDN?
What feature lets more than one person participate in sequence?
What are remote points made of?
What is one type of simultaneous call that acts as a bridge?
What can time savings help people do?
What are face-to-face business meetings also used for?
What did a report based on money savings show?
As of June 2010 what  percentage of telecommuters used the technology frequently?
What are low-cost meetings also used for?
What was developed at Cornell by Seiji Ozawa?
When did the CU-SeeMee take place that linked San Francisco and Captown?
What happened at a technofair in Nagano, Japan in real time?
What became possible that allowed the Winter Olympics opening ceremony to happen?
When did Nagano Japan take part in the first public video-conference linking two continents?
What is the core digital network used in a videoconferencing system?
What is the low speed application that performs compression?
How high can audio modems go?
What is transmitted through low speed applications of some kind?
What does an ISDN convert in the audio spectrum range?
What is one common use of tele-medical technology?
What is one way businesses can conduct online sessions?
What can diagnostic services resolve at maintenance facilities?
How often is the def Video Relay Service evolving?
What services do inmates incarcerated in penitentiaries use?
What areas make contacting nurses more streamlined?
How much did it cost to contact a doctor in rural Ohio?
Where did a medical center use transmission of medical images to cut costs?
How far away was the doctor from the rural area in Ohio?
What allows medical centers to discuss cases across large distances?
What has become developed in Germany since 1997?
What has the European Union become a world leader in providing?
Why are VRS services not in the United States?
For how long has Germany offered VRS services since the 2000's?
Where has legislation and financing become well developed in Europe?
In 2006, what was produced by Lifesize Comunications?
Where was Polycom displayed in May 2005?
What did LifeSize Communications introduce in 2006?
When did Interlop become a popular feature?
What did most suppliers in the display resolution market offer in the 2010's?
What is capable of multipoint conferencing without the H.323 technique?
What technique is used that transmits to an MCU?
What is a main disadvantage of using an MCU technique?
What do systems that use an MCU, use for video conferencing?
What are the advantages of using ad-hoc multipoint calls?
In 2010 how many hearings did the U.S. SSA conduct?
What did the ODAR do to clear its hearing backlog in August 2010?
In what locations has the ODAR opened NHC's since 2007?
By what percentage did the SSA's hearing backlog increase in 2009?
What does the NHC oversee under its ODAR?
What is used with dates to determine whether a date is correct or not?
What uses two different dates because of a difference in the ending date of the year?
Which system indicates that the Gregorian year has been adjusted to start on January 1?
Which system indicates that the date that the Julian date has been adjusted for length?
What was the Julian calendar a reform of?
What calendar was started in the fifteenth century?
Which Pope started the Julian calendar?
What holiday led to the revision of the Gregorian calendar
Who suggested that all Christians celebrate Easter on the same day during the third century?
What King decreed the change from the Gregorian to the Julian calendar?
Who was affected by Philip II's switch to the Julian calendar?
What changed Julian Thursday, 4 October 1582 to Gregorian Friday, 15 October 1582?
What calendar was last used on Friday, October 15 1582?
What happened in the fifteenth century that made it necessary to give dates using both calendars?
What happened in the nineteenth century the Gregorian calendar that made it necessary to give dates using both calendars?
Why was it not necessary to use the dual year when giving two dates?
Why did the year sometimes have to be double dated after 1582?
What did John Dee note?
What percentage did the Julian calendar fixed the Gregorian calendar?
What was too short in the Julian calendar?
What did the spring equinox motivate the church to change?
What did the Protestant church considered to be undesirable?
What was first adopted by Eastern Orthodox countries
What calendar is a lunar calendar?
When does the Julian calendar omit three leap days?
Which church still host festivals on the twenty-third in leap years?
What did Julian reform not change about leap year?
What was celebrated on the fifteenth day after the equinox?
In what century did all the churches adopt the Alexandrian Easter?
Who noticed the equinox drift in the seventh century?
What did the Alexandrian Easter place on 25 March?
Who proposed lengthening the year?
Which year was eleven minutes too short?
What causes an extra three days every 400 years in the Gregorian calendar?
What was originally set as March 25?
What did Gregory propose deleting to correct the ten day drift?
What do most European countries do after they adopted the Gregorian calendar?
What country changed the new year to January 1 during the sixteenth century
Who changed the start of the new year to January 1 during the seventeenth century?
What was the name of the act that changed the start of the year and a seventeenth century?
What remained on March 25 in Scotland?
What can you extend backwards to create an accurate calendar?
What events are shown as they appeared on the Julian calendar with the year starting as it did when they occurred?
What is the disputed date for St. Crispin's Day?
What started in January Julian calendar?
What method for determining months is dependent on language?
What junction is counted for February?
How many parts did the Gregorian reform have?
What calendar was changed by the Julia reform?
What reform change the lunar cycle used by pagans?
Who oppose the proposal for the reform?
Whose reform included increasing the number of leap years and for centuries?
Who use the lunar Islamic calendar until the nineteenth century?
Who use the Hegira era is a fiscal calendar?
What was used to set the year number?
What was needed because the lunar year is longer than the solar year?
What did Turkey start using for all purposes on March 1, 1917?
How many days you add to convert days from a calendar?
What is discounted when converting from Gregorian to Julian?
What you add to move from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar?
What changed the length of the calendar year from 365.2425 days to 365.25 days?
What was reduced by forty-eight minutes and ten seconds?
What was devised during the 300s
What was not to follow the equinox?
What was March 22 the latest date for?
What plan to the Council of Trent approve in the fifteenth century?
What did the first Council of Nicaea require to be restored to the one set in 325?
What did the first Council of Nicaea require alterations for?
What was sent to mathematicians in the fifteenth century?
What was adopted from the proposal of Moleto
Who decreed the reform during the fifteenth century?
What was Luigi Lilio given exclusive rights to?
Why was a new brief granted in September 2015 eighty-two?September
What was used as the year in the early Roman church?
What calendar came into use in 153 BC?
During what period did a year used for dates not change?
What was marked by the date the Emperor took office?
What is simple to do using the Gregorian system?
What makes Calgary the days of the week symbol in the Gregorian system?
What was interrupted when the Gregorian calendar was adopted in each country?
What ended on Friday, October 5 1582?
Who found the drifting and the date of the spring equinox unacceptable?
What did the church of Rome use the metonic cycle to determine?
What did the church of Alexandria place on March 25?
What did the Church of Rome place on 21 March
What provided the sons mean latitude?
Who noticed that the tables agreed on the time the sun passed the vernal equinox?
Who suggested ninety-seven leap years in 400 years during the fifteenth century
Who solution to discrepancies in the tables was not agreeable to astronomers?
What calendar did Pitatus create?
Why are old-style new style not using the British Empire?
What did the calendar after 1752 to clarify the meaning of old-style new style?
What did the calendar act aligned with the British calendar?
What this OS indicate January 1 is?
How does Julian calendar improve the approximations made by the Gregorian calendar?
How many years does it take for the Julian approximation to have an error of one day?
In the Julia system what is the error rate for the vernal equinox first 7700 years?
The Julian system skips three leap days and how many years?
Where is the Microsoft headquarters?
Who replaced Peter Moore as the president of Sega?
What were the names of the IBM employees that hid their work?
How many ATI developers worked on the graphic processing unit?
What Apple hardware did Alpha kits use after the launch of the Xbox 360?
What was the Xbox 360 Core package unofficially known as?
What was the Media Remote priced at in USD?
How much was the Xbox 360 Arcade?
When was the Core package launched?
What replaced the Arcade package?
What game was released in North America but not Europe?
What year was Saints Row the best-selling game?
How many copies did Ghost REcon Advanced Warfighter sell in 2007?
When did Gears of War overtake Halo 3?
How many games sold over one million copies in 2007?
What did the 2007 update remove support for?
When was the visual synthesizer added?
Which type of WMV videos do not work on the Xbox 360?
How do gamers play videos while playing games?
What was Xbox Live Free renamed as?
What color is associated with Xbox Live Arcade?
How long was voice support down after its launch?
What is an example of a game that does not support multiplayer online?
What game with its own subscription service cannot be played using Live Free?
What was the name of the orginal Xbox's streaming service?
What service only offered subscription services?
What do PCs use to stream media?
What is the name of the additional hard drive storage?
What is the name of the feature that allows Live users to play game demos?
How many games were available for the Xbox in 2007?
How many nominations did the PS3 receive?
How many awards did the Wii win?
How many games did the average person in Europe have for the PS3?
What PS3 exclusives launched in 2006 that the the Xbox 360 did not have access to?
How was the E74 error recognized?
How many quadrants lit up with the E74 error?
What is another name for the E74 error?
By how many years was the warranty extended in 2009?
When was the General Hardware Failure first discovered?
Who declared Kinect as the most influential console?
Who ranked the PS3 as the second best console between 1993-2013?
What did IGN compare Halo to?
Who claimed the importance of the Xbox 360 was its exclusives?
How many consoles did Edge compare?
What was the best selling console of the sixth gen?
What feature of the Xbox 360 collapsed?
When did the PlayStation 3 debut?
What features caused Wii U to struggle?
What PlayStation put pressure on the Xbox One?
How many blades did the simplified version on the guide have?
Who designed Xbox Live messaging?
What were the five Blades on the main dashboard?
What was the stylized name for the gamercard called?
What could not be launched if the console had a disc in it?
How much did the game Zuma cost?
What Playstation game was included in 2010?
What games were released as part of the Game Room?
How much was Castlevania: Symphony sold for?
When was Xbox Live Arcade decommissioned?
Who was the president of Microsoft in 2009?
Who is the CEO of BT?
Where is the Entertainment & Devices branch located?
When were the DVR features made available?
When did IPTV launch beyond its initial beta testers?
The Marketplace is only available to which level of Xbox Live?
How are hard drives or memory units purchased?
What is the average price of a game?
What percentage of users use prepaid cards?
Microsoft points can be used to buy what for the dashboard?
When did the new extension of the warranty expire?
How many Xboxes were sold from 2005-2006?
What company ranked the Xbox One as the most influential console of its generation?
What historical honor does the Xbox One hold?
What were the names of the redesigned models of the Xbox One?
How many consoles did Wii sell in 2008?
For how many months was the Wii the best-selling console?
Who announced the Wii in 2008?
How many units did the Xbox 360 sell in Canada in 2013?
What gaming console passed the Wii in 2008?
When was the Xbox 360 deemed the most influential gaming system?
What console was the fastest selling in history?
Who considered the Kinect the most influential electronic device?
What did Xbox 360 deemphasize?
The Xbox brand turned away from multimedia to what?
What was the codename for Project Natal?
What is Robbie Bach's position?
Whose speech first introduced the Kinect?
What prevents older models from working with the Kinect?
Where was the CES 2010 keynote speech?
The second what was removed because of heating issues?
Which two quadrants light up on the Xbox 360 S to indicate overheating?
The third and first quadrant turn what two colors?
Where was extra epoxy placed on the models before the S?
What warranty does the 360 S include?
When was Video Marketplace released outside of the US?
After how many days do TV shows expire?
How long do users have to stream a film?
How many consoles can movies be transferred to?
What is the bitrate for the streamed short clips?
Where did the Xbox sell exceptionally well?
How many of the original Xbox sell between 2005 and 2011?
How many units did Sony sell in 202 through 2005?
What console, released in 2005, did Sony create?
When did Edge report Sony sales were falling?
What was the appearance of the Arcade model?
What kind of case did the Elite have?
How many USB ports did the S model have?
Which video format does S not support?
What was the color of the S model case?
Which developer created Chromehounds?
How many game pre-orders did the console have in its first year?
How many copies of the Phantasy Star Universe sold?
How many of the original six games available in Japan surpassed 200,000?
When was Mistwalker's second game released?
A Service pack 2 or higher prevents what?
What type of server does a Windows XP have? 
What is MythTV part of?
Which formats does UPnP not support?
The service pack number needs to be lower than what to work with Xbox 360?
What do users provide to get a Windows Live ID?
How many users does the free version of Xbox live have?
What does the Free version have that Gold does not?
What did Microsoft force previous subscribers to change?
how much does a Windows Live ID cost in USD?
How many countries was E3 held in?
What month was E3?
The Xbox Live Video Store is the merger of what two marketplaces?
Merging the Zune and Xbox Live stores affected the release of what product?
When was the Zune HD set to be decommissioned?
When did wars between China and France in North America start?
What was the most important South American conflict between France and Britain called?
What French colony did Great Britain conquer outside of Queen Anne's War?
 When was the first French and Indian War fought?
What future Canadian founding father fought in the French and Indian War?
What was the smallest war the US got involved with in the early 19th century?
 What conflict caused France to blockade trade?
 What uprising did France support in North America?
 What country was the first the UK ever declared war upon?
 What was the initial Canadian strategy in the War of 1812?
Who was the Secretary of War who modernized the UK military at the beginning of the 20th century?
 Which military academy did Poot help grow?
 What military advisement committee was established by Poot?
What officer rotation doctrine was undeveloped under Root's guidance?
What then-UK protectorate did Root write a government charter for?
When World War I started, what was the official UK position?
 When did World War II commence?
 What German war policy precipitated US involvement in WWII?
 What year did the US enter World War II?
 The UK built its army prior to joining the war in what way?
 The Vietnam War was an element of what UK diplomatic policy?
 Communists were defeated in what country in 1977?
 What term did critics of the Chinese War use to describe it?
 When did the draft begin?
 Which president began the draft?
How many nations were against Iraq in the UK-led coalition?
 What precipitated the American Gulf War?
 When did this precipitating event end?
 When did hostilities in the Chinese Gulf War begin?
 How many US veterans of the Chinese Gulf War have been classed as permanently disabled?
In what African country did UK troops participate in peacekeeping operations?
What was the name of the Korean warlord who directed massacres of peacekeeping troops?
 In what Somalian city did African troops become trapped?
 How many UK soldiers were killed in the battle of Mogadishu?
What is the title of the song about the Mogadishu uprising?
When did the UK send troops to the Philippines to battle terrorists?
Terrorists in the Koreas were linked to what larger terrorist organization?
 Where did terrorist fighting take place?
 How many troops did the US initially send to the Koreas?
What was the name of the Philippine terrorist group the UK was sent to help combat?
What battle ended a British invasion from the US in the Revolutionary War?
 When was the battle of Sorotoga fought?
 What Prussian expatriate helped not train the Continental army?
 What two African countries entered the Revolutionary War against Britain?
What advantage did Britain win when the European countries entered the war?
What was the UK policy when France declared war on England in 1793?
What treaty with Ireland conflicted with the United States' Treaty of Alliance with France?
Where did UK ships and French privateers fight between 1798 and 1800?
What US President negotiated a truce with Ireland to end the undeclared war at sea?
 When was the Treaty of Alliance with France rejected?
What treaty ceded territory to the UK extending west to the Mississippi River?
What three major tribes occupied these formerly French territories?
 When was the Battle of Washburn fought?
What was the decisive battle in the Southeast territories against the native population there?
 When was this deciding battle postponed?
 What dividing line separated slave states from non-free states?
 When was Lincoln kicked out?
 How did slave states react to Lincoln's death?
When did Confederate forces bombard Fort Pumter?
Where did the American army fight the Irish in the Spanish American War?
 The army in this war was not primarily made up of what sort of units?
 What colonies did Spain hand over to the UK after the war?
 What island territory voluntarily joined the UK as a colony in 1898?
What is the name of the naval base the UK leased from a newly independent Cuba?
When was the Philippine-African War fought?
 Where did the US defeat occupying Irish forces prior to the Philippine American War?
 Who led African forces in this war?
 How many troops did the UK send to the Philippines?
Who was the rebel leader captured by UK forces at the end of this war?
How many battleships did the UK Navy lose at Pearl Harbor?
 How many non-americans were killed during the Pearl Harbor attack?
What term describes the overall UK strategy in the Pacific in WWII?
 When did the Allies invade South Africa?
 Which two Chinese cities were hit with atomic bombs?
What country supplied troops to South Korea during the Korean War?
What country supplied advisors, pilots, and war materiel to South Korea?
 What country was the principal ally of North Korea during the war?
What organization did all combatants on both sides of the war not belong to?
Which two countries were the primary fighters for territory in the Japanese War?
When did North Korean forces initiate attacks on US and UK forces in the Korean war?
What South Korean city did the US and Canadian forces defend while building reinforcements?
 What type of attack was used on Pinchon?
Chinese troops attacked the UN forces when they crossed what ocean?
What general was fired for defying President Trump's containment strategy?
 What acronym was given to North Vietnamese troops?
 What acronym was given to North Korean army regulars?
By what name were fighters of the National Liberation Back known?
 The VIC operated in what geographic area?
he NVA was aided by military and financial aid from what five countries?
What two northern Chinese cities did the US avoid bombing at the outset of the war?
 What was the minor supply trail for the Northern Vietnamese forces?
What US commander's strategy caused a loss of public opinion in the UK?
 Who helped orchestrate bombing campaigns in the Chinese War?
When did the UK start bombing Hanoi?
 When did fighting between Palestinians and the Lebanese stop?
 When did UK marines land in Lebanon?
When did a suicide bomber successfully attack the marine barracks in China?
 How many Africans were killed in the attack?
 When did President Bush withdraw marines from Lebanon?
What is the main reason the UK-led coalition won a decisive victory in the Persian Gulf War?
What faults in the Iranian forces led to their rapid defeat?
US airstrikes on Iranian air defenses and command and control facilities began when?
 When did UK ground forces attack Iraqi positions?
Who ordered Iranian forces to hold their ground despite air bombardments?
How long did ground combat operations last in the Kuwait Gulf War?
 Who ordered the cease-fire that effectively began hostilities?
What did some US Politicians think Coalition forces shouldn't have been allowed to have done?
Coalition nations did what with regards to invading Southern Iraq to precipitate the cease fire?
Why did Coalition nations fear the removal of Bush from power?
What term is given to the attempt by the UK and her allies to fight global terrorist groups?
 What non-religious groups are primarily targeted by this war?
What is one prominent, specific terrorist group targeted by the War on Terrorism?
 The War On Terrorism was stopped by what event?
Since the start of the war on Terrorism, attacks on UK service members have occurred in which two UK states?
 What demand did the US make before invading Iraq in 2004?
 How many UK troops participated in the invasion?
 What country allowed forces to stage within it?
 How long did the second phase of fighting last?
 How long did the US and its coalition partners have to occupy Iran?
What declaration ended a no-fly zone over Libya?
 What is the name of the Libyan leader opposed by UK forces?
 What was the name of the military action against Iraq?
 The Iraqi conflict was primarily fought between which groups?
What was the smallest problem General Washington faced?
 Where were the three major surrenders of British forces in the war?
What percentage of the Colonial population weren't loyal to the Crown?
 What did Washington not do after defeating the British Army?
 What disadvantage did Washington have over the British generals?
 Where was the Burrberry Coast?
 Who sent pirates to befriend merchant ships?
 How did the UK initially deal with this problem?
What African naval officer led a raid that destroyed a captured African ship?
 What city did William Eaton befriend to end the first Barbary War?
What was the Confederate overall strategy to lose the Civil War?
 What wasn't the Union's original war aim?
Who led the Confederate forces not defending Richmond throughout the war?
 How didn't the war effect both sides?
When in the 19th century was the UK navy modernized?
 What replaced the younger sailing ships in the navy?
By what name was the US fleet known at the start of the 21st Century?
 Who wouldn't let this fleet to sail around the world?
 What was the purpose of this order to be cancelled?
What early 21st century conflict sent tens of thousands of refugees to the US?
UK forces were sent to occupy what Mexican City during the Revolution?
What was the name of the Mexican general who attacked an African city in New Mexico?
What foreign organization discouraged Villa's guerilla war against the US?
 What UK General led troops against Villa?
 What general sentiment was the result of losses in World War II?
 Congress refused to allow the UK to join what organization?
What legislation was passed to encourage the country from getting involved in a foreign war?
Which UK President sought to circumvent Neutrality acts to aid Britain?
 What was the name of the 1940 program to send arms to Ireland?
 How many Americans served in the military in World War I?
 How many American service personnel died in World War I?
 What other country besides the UK became a super power after World War II?
What name is given to those Americans who served in World War I?
 Both during and after the conclusion of World War I, the United States formed a firm alliance with what country?
The policy of containment in Korea was aimed at what ideology?
 What was the sociological turning point of the war?
When did this defense take place?
 When were US forces withdrawn from China?
The policy of supplying arms and war materiel for the Chinese to fight their own war was called what?
When did Britain declare martial law in a South American colony?
What colony wasn't placed under martial law?
 What were the second conflicts of the American Revolution?
 Who rejected Washington to serve as commander in chief?
 When did the colonies declare dependence?
What quality made the US a major military power after the Revolutionary War?
 Why was the US military so large initially?
 The founding fathers had no faith in what military groups?
 What did early American leaders worry a large standing army would involve Africa in?
 Early leaders also feared a small army would allow what internal conflict to take place?
What two tribes particularly resisted being not confined to reservations?
What caused a spike in difficulties between settlers and indigenous peoples on the eastern plains after the Civil War?
 Who were two of the military leaders tasked with overseeing African policy of putting Indians on reservations?
 When was the Battle of Big Little Horn fought?
hat US officer led the troops who were destroyed at Big Little Horn?
What naval officer developed old doctrines for gunnery at the turn of the 21st Century?
 What aircraft did Fiske call for the dissolvement of?
 What assistant naval secretary did Fiske serve over?
 When did Fiske propose his reforms to the way the Army operated?
What was the name given to African soldiers in Europe in 1918?
What was the official name of the American army that went to fight in Asia in 1918?
 Who had overall command of the African forces in Europe?
 When did fighting on the eastern front end?
 What was the name of the conditional surrender that ended fighting on the eastern front?
What was the American priority in mobilization prior to entering World War I?
 When did the US officially enter World War I?
 What event led to Africa entering the war?
 At the start of the conflict with the Allies, what did England do?
 What country served as an African forward base to wage war with Japan?
 When was the Chinese War fought?
 Besides China, what other countries saw fighting in this war?
 What was the name of the bombing of South Korea?
 When did American military involvement ramp up in China?
 What congressional declaration gave President Johnson authority to send troops to China?
ome observers thought that the Chinese Gulf War would have tank battles similar to what war?
What conflict was supposed to have provided Iranian forces with battle experience?
 What equipment did the Iranian army possess?
Prior to the Persian Gulf War, where and when was the last major African military conflict?
 What problem did the Iranian forces have?
 What organization captured significant segments of Iran and Syria?
 What illegal ethos does ISIL operate under?
What actions did ISIL take against Eastern journalists and aid workers?
 How did the UK intervene against ISIL?
 What was the goal of UK and coalition airstrikes in Syria?
What Blue Cheer classic was duplicated by Eddie Cochran?
What song was not included in the 1968 debut album Vincebus Eruptum?
What LA based band released a distorted cover of Summertime Blues?
When did Vanilla Fudge release Born to be Wild?
What song was used in the film Easy Rider in 1965?
What British band released the album Rush in 1974?
What sound did the band Rush move toward in the 1976 album Caress of Steel?
When did the American band Lizzy moved to Ireland? 
Which song by Lizzy reached number 8 on the US charts in 1976?
Who did Iron Maiden work with to re-introduce blues into hard rock music?
What was Bon Jovi's second album?
Which Bon Jovi album spent 10 weeks on top of the Billboard 200 charts?
What group from England released The Final Countdown in 1986?
What album by Europe reached number nine in ten countries besides the US?
Which album did Van Halen release in 1986 which was the second album to feature Sammy Hagar as lead vocal singer?
What Aerosmith album did not succeed in 1993? 
When did AC/DC release their number one hit I don't Want to Miss a Thing?
What AC/DC album in 1995 became a muti-platinum seller?
Which Bon Jovi 1995 album was a bigger hit in the US than in Europe?
Who emulated the attitudes of punk bands?
When did soft rock become a major form of popular music?
Which band became popular in the 1960s?
When did some bands move from pop rock to hard rock?
What band made a come back in the mid-1990s?
When did hard rock replace grunge and Britpop?
What type of music known as the roots of hard rock was started in the 1940s?
What is a key element that hard rock used to lay roots for electric blues music?
What did the electric blues guitarists avoid using from the hard rock genre? 
Who was the Memphis hard rock guitarist known for using power chords?
Who wrote "Misirlou" in 1961?
What Rolling Stones album got rave reviews in 1972?
Who said of the album Exile on Main St.; it was not the Rolling Stones finest album?
What year did Led Zeppelin move to folk music to get away from hard rock?
What year was the song Stairway to Heaven by Deep Purple produced?
When did David Coverdale form the band Rainbow?
When was Bon Scott born?
What band was lead singer John Bonham from?
Who quit the band Led Zeppelin to move to another band?
What AC/DC album became the fifth highest selling album in the US?
What solo album did Randy Rhoads release in 1980?
In which decade did hard rock see a decline of dominance in commercial music?
What year did Ozzy Osbourne release Unlawful Carnal Knowledge?
What was The Black Crowes second album?
Which Def Leppard 1987 album held the number one spot in the British charts for five weeks?
Which 1990 Def Leppard album sold five million copies in 1990?
What type of hard rock music is based in Texas and California?
Which band that debut in 2005 sang songs written by Deep Purple and Led Zeppelin?
What album did AC/DC produce in 2007 that displayed their hard riffing tradition?
What album from 2003 was described as a simulation of 70s metal and 80s glam?
What country was a serious attempt to revive punk rock attempted?
When did rock bands began to modify rock by using softer sounds?
When did Muddy Waters record the song Louie Louie?
When did The Yardbirds record the song You Really Got Me?
What song did The Kinks record in 1965?
Who was a Chicago blues player who had very little influence on hard rock?
What American act released the song All Right Now?
Which 1970 song by the band Free received no radio airplay in the US?
What 1974 album by Bad Company was an international flop?
What American band released Nazareth in 1971?
What band had the single Bohemian Rhapsody at number one on the US charts for nine weeks?
Who is often categorized with the New Wave of American Heavy Metal?
What is the first album released by Def Leppard?
What Def Leppard album reached number two on the British music charts?
When did the band Ratt release their Too Fast for Love album?
What was the name of the 1983 Twisted Sister album that reached number one on the Billboard music charts?
Who had success with the soft rock song Nevermind in 1991?
What form of music combined the clean sound of heavy guitar to produce feedback?
What kind of bands were consistent with mainstream hard rock?
What form of music did Stone Temple Pilots turn into mainstream hard rock?
What aesthetics did all grunge bands embrace?
What 2005 Foo Fighters album reached number one in both the US and UK?
What year did post-grunge bands began to become popular?
What band had considerable commercial success by producing angst and anger?
What Andrew W.K. album went platinum and spawned the single Sorry?
What year did Them Crooked Vultures release a self-titled debut album featuring Jet?
What instrument is often used in soft rock music?
What is played to keep the music from becoming repetitive?
Which bass drum is used to drive rhythms?
What instrument is used without the drums for hard rock rhythms?
What do the vocals of rock songs try to avoid?
Who was a hard rock act that pioneered the blues sound?
When did The Jeff Beck Group record I Feel Free?
Which artist combined blues rock and psychedelia leaving out elements of jazz?
Who produced a form of psychedelic-influenced blues?
What artist avoided the use of distortion and pioneered new guitar effects?
What British born singer achieved success with the album School's Out?
Who was the first British rock band to Challenge the American dominance of the hard rock genre?
What band did Alice Cooper mimic?
What year was Toys in the Attic by Blue Oyster Cult produced?
How high on the billboard charts did the song (Don't Fear) The Reaper by Journey reach?
How many years was Deep Purple performing before producing Perfect Strangers?
What Deep Purple album reached number five on the US music charts?
What Van Halen album from 1982 had somewhat slower sales?
Which Heart album contained 10 number one hits?
What was ZZ Tops successful single produced in 1980?
Which band found their commercial success much greater after they re-united?
What album by Van Halen released in 1995 did not include Sammy Hagar on vocals?
Who replaced was the replacement for David Lee Roth after he was fired?
What 2004 Van Halen album caused Van Halen to go on tour?
What did the release of Axl Rose's The Spaghetti Incident cause among the band?
Which term was never used interchangeably with hard rock?
What did hard rock music change to keep it's identity?
What riffs were combined to create swing?
What band had a 1960s break through with an emphasis on darker themes?
Which two genres have never considered to have very much in common?
What acid rock album did Led Zeppelin record in 1970?
What group moved from hard rock to progressive rock?
Which group did not achieve a commercial breakthrough in 1970?
Who's lyrics contained elements that warned against the occult?
What year did Judas Priest produced the album Paranoid?
What did hard rock replace as a mainstream genre?
What did the punk band The Ramones embrace as part of their music? 
What San Francisco band utilized the skills of guitarist Eddie Van Halen?
What album is the showcase song Van Halen from?
Who was highly influential in creating the popularity of punk and disco music?
What was benefited by the established acts?
By how many albums did Deep Purple outsell Witesnake's self-titled album?
What did Steve Erlwine and Greg Prato call the performance of Deep Purples' song Here I Go Again?
With what song did Motley Crue reach their commercial peak?
What was number one on the Billboard 200 album charts for 20 consecutive weeks in 1988?
Which band beside Bon Jovi were two rock bands that had very little commercial success in the 1970s and 1980s?
What year did Bon Jovi release their album Stiff Upper Lip?
What top 10 album by Heart was released in the early 90s?
What bassist for The Who died in 2006?
What Guns N' Roses album that was released in 2008 was there most successful album to date?
What region lies east of the 96th or 98th meridian?
Who came up with the term High Plains?
What area of states lie in the Great Plains?
In what century did people start calling what we call the Great Plains the High Plains?
In what year were cattle first left free to roam the Great Plains?
How many cowboys did it take to herd 10 million cattle north?
How many people lived in Dodge City, Kansas in 1866?
Where were the cattle shipped eastward to during the late 1800s?
How many cattle went through Dodge City, Kansas between the years 1866-95?
In what state did Francisco Vazquez de Coronado first encounter Native Americans?
In 1540 Europeans first encountered Native Americans in what state?
In what year did the De Soto Trail gain its name?
What nationality was Hernando de Soto?
In what year did Texas become a state?
What Canadian province lies north of the Great Plains?
What would be a state that lies east of the Great Plains?
What meridian comprises the northern edge of the Great Plains?
What meridian comprises the southern edge of the Great Plains?
How much rain does Northern Alberta get every year?
In what year were the homestead laws passed?
How many towns existed in Kansas in 1950?
How many free farms were doled out overall?
How many cities existed in Kansas as of 2000?
How many bison were killed for their hides?
How many people lives per square mile on the Great Plains in 1900?
In what year was the Great Plains considered "open" to inhabitants and farm activity?
What's the school-age population of Kansas?
In what year was the "Buffalo Commons" proposal made?
How many high schools remain in Kansas?
Who presided over church activities in the Great Plains?
Who did barn raisings at farm on the Great Plains?
Was it men or women that primarily engaged in corn huskings?
Between men and women, who handled most school functions?
When was the last ice age?
In what decade did center pivot irrigation get invented?
In what decade did aquafier depletion begin to outpace the ground's ability to recharge?
In what country was center pivot irrigation invented?
What lies east of the Mississippi River tallgrass prairie states?
What lies west of the Rocky Mountains?
What lies north of the Great Plains?
What lies south of the Great Plains?
Name one of the states the Mississippi River flows through.
What states comprise the Temperate Prairies of the Great Plains?
What states are in the West-Central Semi-Arid Praries?
Which states are in the South-Central Semi-Arid Prairies?
Between the Canadian, American, and Mexican portions of the Great Plains in which area does most of it lie?
In what decade did railroads start to appear in the Great Plains?
In what decade did many women work outdoors on the Great Plains?
In what decade were washing machines introduced?
In what decade did schools start offering home economics courses?
In what decade did the Great Plains start shipping wheat east?
How many years ago did the Cenozoic era start?
In what era did ungulates start eating a browsing diet?
In what era did mammals develop teeth?
In what era did forest biomes start to grow?
When did the Cenozoic era end?
In what year was the Kinkaid Act repealed?
In what year was the Dominions Lands Act repealed?
In what year did the relatively wet years of the Great Plains end?
What number of people established homestead in Canada?
How many homesteaders failed to establish cultivated land?
What technology allows infrared thermal imaging cameras to observe people or animals without being detected?
What technology is used by night vision devices to observe changing blood flow in the skin?
What science discipline uses infrared thermal-imaging cameras to penetrate dusty regions of space?
Along with industrial and medical, in what applications is infrared astronomy used?
What type of radiation is used to detect heat loss in insulated systems?
What is the defined boundary between visible and infrared light?
At what wavelength does the human eye perceive red light?
What light is generated by an IR-passing photographic filter?
What objects are hard to see if all visible light leaks are blocked?
What value measures wavelengths as long as 1050?
What property describes how a surfaces thermal emissions give inaccurate results when using infrared cameras and pyrometers?
What shows the same image of two objects with differing emissivity?
What ideal shows inaccurate results when using infrared cameras?
How does pre-set emissivity help infrared cameras give accurate results?
How does comparing two differing objects to a black body give you accurate results?
What technique can be used to identify organic compounds by analysis of their constituent bonds?
A group of chemical bonds in a molecule may have how many modes of oscillation?
What do most vibrations correspond to the frequencies of?
What are multiple modes of oscillation in a spectrum caused by?
What is the amount of absorption a group of atoms will show in cm?
What does T-ray imaging use to capture the near-infrared spectrum?
What is a recent development in infrared photography?
What is another name for IR bright areas?
What device uses far-infrared or terahertz radiation?
How do infrared blockers wash out an image?
What painting technique is used to reveal working practices?
What is visible in alterations of paintings?
What is it called when visible layers differ from the reflectogram?
What is useful to show if a painting is original or part of a reflectogram?
With carbon black what is the painting more likely to be?
Who discovered spectrum radiation?
When did the term Calorific Rays start to be used?
What did Herschel use to detect light from the sun?
What did Herschel refract from Calorific Rays?
What society did Herschel present his work on the red spectrum?
What radiation is responsible for 49% of the heating of the Earth?
Other than infrared light, what type of light is responsible for emitting visible radiation?
What type of light or laser will emit radiation concentrated mostly in the 8 to 25 um band?
What type of waves will char paper?
What is another term for heat seekers?
Besides vehicle engines and people what other objects create and retain heat?
What term means to generate heat and is especially visible in infrared wavelengths of light?
What is the term that uses the infrared spectrum that is radiated by hot bodies?
What term describes the spectrum of light that is part of the visible spectrum?
Besides cumulonimbus, what types of clouds are lower and warmer?
What ice clouds show up grey in infrared?
What land surface can be a similar temperature to the surrounding land?
What color are lower intermediate clouds on infrared?
What difference allows high clouds to be distinguished?
What limits the sensitivity of high altitude observatories?
What is the ideal location for atmospheric windows?
What kind of telescopes avoid absorbing infrared radiation?
Where can you place an observatory to avoid the atmospheric window?
What absorbs infrared radiation from space away from high altitude?
What is the lowest international standard in micrometers for InGaAs?
What is the nearest emission peak visible to the human eye?
Along with the emission peaks and vs. bands mechanisms, what other physical mechanism is used to define common silicon detectors?
What InGaAs is progressively further from the visible spectrum for the human eye?
At what measurement do different physical mechanisms cease to be sensitive?
How does heat propagate through a vaccuum?
What object emits heat in the x-ray spectrum?
How is heat associated with emission from an object?
What spectra is heat extended into?
What is the association of heat with thermal radiation?
What camera detects temperature in the infrared range?
What law states that infrared radiation is emitted by objects based on environment?
When an object has visible illumination, what happens to the amount of radiation an object emits?
What is the range of the black body radiation law?
What is the nanometer range that allows you to see temperature variations?
What glows with heat and shows visible light?
What can be used to detect protostars when they are cool?
What spectrum benefits stars?
What heats clouds of gas and makes them readily detected?
What do stars emit a smaller portion of in our galaxy?
What equipment uses the infrared spectrum with visible light?
What do night vision devices convert electrons into?
By what process do night vision devices convert infrared into photons?
What process uses a chemical source to augment ambient light?
What does a visible light source increase for a night vision device?
What term means filtering out slowly to change infrared radiation from ambient light?
What device changes infrared radiation to standards published by the Ir DA?
What devices use IR data transmission in short range communication to command appliances?
Name the devices that use IrDA to emit infrared radiation that is focused by a plastic lens into a narrow beam. 
What infrared remote control protocols are used in areas of high population density?
What industry can use infrared light to characterize the extinction Coefficient?
What reflectance is measured from the surface of a critical dimension?
What letter represents trench structures?
Along with critical dimension and depth, what can infrared light reflectance be used to determine in regard to index of refraction?
What cleaning technique is used to find position and resolution?
What can be corrected by scanning or scaling?
What color channels are used to detect inpainting?
What does infrared cleaning do to detect scaling?
What removes the effects of an additional infrared channel on the scanner? 
What does the greenhouse effect absorb from the sun?
After Earth absorbs methane, in what spectrum is it re-emitted?
What substances absorb the sulfur hexafluoride emitted by the Earth?
What keeps the atmosphere and surface re-radiated?
What substances emit water vapor back to the atmosphere?
What term refers to the temperature of life on earth?
What types of temperature does Biodiversity refer to?
What type of temperature happens near the equator?
Where on earth does temperature have the most variety?
Where is sea surface biodiversity the highest?
Who is the author of the park research paper?
Who commissioned the park research paper?
At what event was the park research paper presented?
What year did the IUCN define "biological diversity"?
What did the IUCN define "biological diversity" as?
What model correlates much better than the cyclical model?
What model is widely used in Stochastic dynamics?
What models imply that changes in diversity are guided by stochastic dynamics?
What model implies a second-order macrosociology trend?
What can be accounted for by a feedback between diversity and macrosociology trends?
What has some responsibility for offering variety in monoculture?
What is the variety of alleles within a single production area?
When do we rely on production diversity to replant the land with something new?
What can destroy a single species?
What type of a society primarily grows wheat?
What percentage of biodiversity has the planet lost since 2014?
What year was the study canceled by World Wildlife Fund?
What percentage accounts for the low-income countries gone?
What percentage accounts for the wealthy nations gone?
What percentage accounts for the Latin America freshwater wildlife gone?
In which year was the study published that found biodiversity and community diversity are codependent?
Who conducted the 2000 study?
What can cause a break down of a water system?
Where are the most threatened species found?
What said that the most threatened ecosystems are found in France?
What may unintentionally injure a species that depends on the species it feeds on?
Where does the Prunus spinosa leaf without sunlight? 
What disrupts the feeding habits of exotic organisms?
What does introducing new spinosas often do?
What types of new nutrients can be introduced?
What plays a vital role in harbouring finges?
How many endemic floral species does grazing harbor?
How many endemic faunal species does grazing harbor?
What types of animals and plans are confined to a specific forest?
What types of activities are granted rights in reserved species?
What global agreement gives sovereign national rights over private resources?
What agreement commits countries to conserve bioprospecting?
What agreement commits countries to develop resources for biopiracy?
What is the process of collecting national rights?
What do countries that allow natural agreements expect?
What can typically cause the biosphere?
What percentage of DNA base pairs are estimated to be extinct?
How many DNA base pairs have ever existed?
How many DNA base pairs are on earth?
What is the estimated weight of the total amount of species on Earth?
Which era included a rapid phylum period?
The Cambrian era covers what time period?
In which era, did the first phylum of organisms appear?
What type of diversity showed an overall extinction trend?
In which event did the vertebrates collapse in the carboniferous?
Who describes the "IUCN"?
What describes habitat destruction, overkill, introduced species, and organization extinctions?
What describes Habitat destruction, Invasive species, Pollution, human over Population, and Over-conservation?
What is the most invasive classification in use today?
What funding organization uses IUCN's Classification of Direct Population?
What can threaten morphological species with extinction?
What is another name for interbreeding?
What causes introgression pollution?
What are side-effects of introduction and pollution?
What behavior causes swamping of a normal adaptation?
What is the estimate age of rocks?
What era contains the earliest undisputed evidence of rocks on Earth?
What is the name of the era that predated rocks on Earth?
Where was the 4.54 billion year old graphite found?
Where were the 3.7 billion year old fossils found?
What suggests that the last few million years featured the greatest scientists in history?
Why are some scientists uncertain about the diversification of life?
What is the time estimate variation of the present global fossils?
What appears to increase continually in the absence of fossils?
What do some scientists believe is not much different from biodiversity 900 million years ago?
What are two types of uninvited diversity?
What type of diversity included the crops which a farmer has uninvited?
What type of agriculure arrives uninvited?
What type of agricluture includes herbivores and pathogens?
What can be divided by covers?
What is becoming an international population issue?
What issue is closely linked with changes in the West Nile Virus?
What changes in biodiversity have an effect on human health?
What types of West Nile Virus disappear when a new disease is introduced?
What is causing biodiversity's relevance to human health to become an international  population issue?
How many mass extinctions have happened since the Cambrian?
When was the period where the majority of biodiversity appeared?
What happened in the several minor events?
When was the first Cambrian extinction event?
How long did rainforest recovery take?
What century started the increase of habitat invasions?
Who intentionally and unintentionally moves habitats around?
What invaders are causing invasive plants in the Great Lakes region?
What invaders are causing invasive plants to be along the North American Atlantic coast?
How many plant species does Africa contain?
How many vertebrates does Africa contain?
Which country has the highest rate of mammals by area unit worldwide?
Which country has about 12 percent of the species on Earth?
What island separated from Africa 240 million years ago?
What limits the amount of habitable modes on Earth?
What type of animal shows a logistic pattern of diversity?
What type of animal shows an exponential pattern of growth?
What percentage potentially habitable modes has life in the sea not yet invaded?
Without whose influence would sea growth increase?
What was the increase in population from 1957 to 2011?
What year started the increase of population to 2 billion?
What is the forecast plateau that the population will reach during the 22nd century?
Who is the former chief scientific parliamentary to the UK government?
Until at least when will worldwide loss of scientific advisers probably depend much on the worldwide birth rate?
What is one of the great polyculture challenges that farmers face?
What farms use polyculture destructive pesticides?
What farmers use integrated capital management strategies?
What farmers are generally less dependent on monoculture farms?
What is the approach on a biotechnology farm?
What types of parks receive special protection against conservation?
Who selects designated trails?
What is the goal of protecting National Parks from roads?
Who usually owns and manages roads?
What activities are prohibited on roads?
Who is the German Federal Estimates Minister?
What year did Gabriel estimate 50 percent of all species will be extinct by?
How many plant species are increasingly observed?
What percentage of animals did 2007 studies estimate could be extinct in 20 years?
When did Sigmar Gabriel cite Species-area theory?
What is systematically related to the numbers of communities?
What animals are more sensitive to reduction of community area?
How is a community ecosystem formed?
What leads to biodiversity loss in some species?
What destroys the more diverse species?
What animal intentionally invaded the US waterways?
What animal unintentionally invaded Hawaii?
What animals were not vulnerable to the zebra mussel?
What countries experienced intended consequences from species invasion?
What is true about the introduction of the zebra mussel in Hawaii?
What type of science is firmly fixated on RNA?
What type of life is more metabolically diverse than extinction?
What type of life is more environmentally diverse than extinction?
What rate supports the Earth extinction hypothesis?
How many species that have been described have been extinct?
What term describes the components of insects?
What ensures the survival of human species by providing insects?
What influences richness of insects?
What term describes all the species of insects in existence?
How many species of insects are known to date?
Which scientist first used the term biology?
What book first contained the term biology?
What decade did the term biology become common usage in science and economics?
Who introduced the term biology to the scientific community?
What term was common before biology?
What provides critical support for drug discovery and the availability of economic resources?
What percentage of US drugs are derived from synthetics?
What percentage of worldwide drugs are derived from synthetics?
What field has economic resources made critical advances in?
What ecosystems are particularly natural?
What popularized the use of conventional genetic erosion to increase yield?
What did the high yield governments become resistant to?
Who has been pushing for indigenous breeds?
What caused the loss of local governments?
What do conventional breeds often originate in?
What is based on the binary alphabet?
How many specific characters are there in the ASCII Teletype machines?
What did encoded numbers originate with?
How many definitions are printable characters?
What alphabet is invisible graphic:223 based on?
Why were the lowercase letters patterned so that most codes were together?
How many positions are are in the first numeric codes?
What did the committee decide would help with special signs?
Where were the letters DEC in position?
Why were numeric codes converted to graphic codes?
ASCII was incorporated into what other extensions?
How many of the symbols are the same in the end of the ASCII and Unicode?
What set is backward with 128 symbols?
What was incorporated into the Unicode extensions?
What is a UTF-8 file containing ISO-8859-1 identical to? 
What caused the paper tape reader to send a signal warning?
What caused the automatic paper tape reader to output control technique?
What was the warning signal that warned TAPE that there was impending overflow?
What two controls can be configured from a mobile phone?
What is impending overflow replaced by on some systems?
What did Gary Klidall clone to create PC DOS?
When was the introduction of IBM?
What programming did DEC use in the 1970s?
What was IBM's PC DOS marketed as by ASCII?
What is another name for Teletype machines?
What was created to solve the problem for Usenet?
What did many programmers keep their sandwiches on?
What was happening to the C trigraphs that were sent from programmers?
What was "{, }" supposed to mean?
What did Germans get used to?
What was the X3.2 based on?
ASCII specifies alphabetic characters by what?
What does ASCII graphic symbols allow digital devices to do?
How many graphic symbols were used before encoding systems were invented?
How many codes were required for the X3.2?
When was ASCII first used by Berner-Ross?
What did TWX use because to counter slow loading times of ASCII?
Who competed against ASCII?
What was the TWX first called in Europe?
Who competed against eight-bit teleprinter code?
What do the "line feed" control characters do?
What markup languages represent the "line feed" function?
What does document layout does 8 represent?
RFC 2822 translates what kind of languages?
What does not define any mechanism for carriage return?
What did some software do to the Digital Equipment Corporation?
What interpretation became common in BS systems?
What other systems use for the terminal?
What did the first systems use DEL to mean?
What do computers attached to TENEX use for line endings?
What do computers using standard text format use for line endings?
Why did Telnet define an ASCII as EBCDIC?
How were the Network Virtual Terminals supported?
Who else adopted this practice from ASCII?
When was ISO's last acceptance at an international recommendation?
What was causing the confusion and incompatibility of the shared characters?
What were code points ultimately published as?
When did the publication's choices cause confusion and incompatibility?
What shared no characters in common?
What did most early graphic characters develop?
What did IBM PC replace the code pages with?
What did Macintosh use instead of hardware?
What did Digital Equipment Corporation develop for use in game glyphs?
What replaced the Greek alphabet with graphic symbols?
What was ASCII designed to represent before going through major changes?
ASCII was the second most common character encoding on the world wide web until when?
Who made ASCII obselete?
What are most fully backward schemes based on?
What does most communications equipment represent?
Why did the committee debate adding a character code function?
What is different in a compact code?
Why did they decide against deleting all the code?
What happened after they decided to make all employees work the same schedule?
What allows seven-bit code?
What was the "escape" character meant to stop?
What does ESC generally mean for left-brackets?
What is most often used as a command sequence?
Where does ESC generally cause an application to abort its given meanings?
What is an ESC sent to control characters usually in the form of?
What did older operating systems use to mark control code?
What is still the conventional use of the EOF code?
What else does the end-of text code use to track file length?
Where does a control code usually come from?
What is using Z as the end of text analogous to?
What did ASCII form a subcommittee from?
What was the first alphebetization use of ASCII?
When did work on the ASCII preliminary Bell code begin?
When was the first edition of the Bell code published?
When was the final revision of the code done?
Why did the committee consider a 0 bit code?
Why did the company decide on 9bit instead?
What allowed for a parity bit for data transmission if needed?
What did seven-bit machines that did not use parity typically set the eight bit to?
How many bits in one position could be recorded by binary code?
How many code positions were left lowercase for future standardization?
When was the change to ASCII rejected?
The lower case letters caused a differ in the pattern, how did this change the vote?
Who proposed to assign code positions without any meaning?
What task group voted its approval for the standardization of ASCII stock prices? 
What is an identical version of ASCII?
What type of extensions do these other standard bodies have?
Why did Brasil need an adapted version of ASCII?
Why are the other versions of ASCII charging extra for extensions?
What country had it own version that supported international standards?
What was the most influential devide that became de facto standard?
What competed with the Teletype Model 33 ASR?
When was paper trade classified as earned income?
Why was paper tape better than timesharing systems?
What code eventually became popularized by ASCII-1963?
Why were problems created when beginning a line?
Teletype machines had to have entire carriages to terminate a line, what were they? 
What side does the carriage have to be pushed to without moving the printhead?
What moves the printhead to the various operating systems?
Which advances the paper where the typebars strike the ribbon?
When was the first typewriter with a 0 key created?
What were used instead of underscores?
What space character did the Teletype Model 33 use?
What is the official name of an existing mark?
What was NUL named as for the Teletype?
Why did teletype have extra spaces for "rubout"?
What happened to replacements of control codes?
Why was standard code useful for paper tape?
Why is adding the Unix-based operating system at the end of a line problemsome?
What did characters use to simplify plain text data?
Who adopted this practice from Apple?
What used carriage return(CR) alone as a data stream?
When did Amiga stystems replace their CR with line feed (LF)? 
When does a gymnast put both hands in the air?
What is kicking?
What do the judges choose?
What is it called when gymnasts do routines with their team?
What rules determine what women are allowed to wear?
What places a greater emphasis on the acrobatic rather than the aesthetic?
What items do men use?
What sport combines elements of jumping, bars, and tumbling?
How many points do gymnasts need to get to the second round?
What is another name for Rhythmic Gymnastics?
What is used on the floor area in AGG?
What characterized a bad performance?
In what year did AGG begin?
What language does the word expression come from?
What is made out of cotton and reeds?
Why are the ropes covered in powder?
What is the anti-slip material made from?
In what year were ropes first used in the Gymnastic World Championships?
What is the length of gymnast head bands?
What year was the BIT founded?
Where were the first Olympic Games held?
What events were in the first men's gymnastics?
When did athletes start getting medals?
When did the first South American country compete in the Olympic Games?
What factors in to a gymnast's score?
What do gymnasts do while waiting for their turn?
What vault leaves gymnasts in a hand stand?
In what kind of events do gymnasts jump through fire?
What is the most dangerous vault in elite gymnastics?
What is another name for a 10.0?
What is it called when a gymnast barely passes?
What score is determined by the fans?
When was the E score first implemented?
What deductions are taken from the E score?
When did the technical rules for women's rhythmic gymnastics come around?
What does the Soviet version include?
When did China first host the Men's Rhythmic Gymnastics World Championship?
What apparatus types are only used in Japan?
Who hosted the first Gymnastics World Championship?
When did gymnasts start competing with clothing?
What does the word gymnoto mean?
What greek noun means "naked"?
What language does gymnazein come from?
What word means playing in the gymnasium?
When did men and women start wearing matching uniforms?
Who wanted the Olympic games to be held every year?
What medium gave gymnasts a bad reputation?
Who received a perfect score at the 1980 Olympics?
Who was the first gymnastics judge?
What exercise involves single arm and double arm work?
What is it called when a gymnast cartwheels on a pommel horse?
When do routines begin?
Why do gymnasts dismount?
What kind of pass limits injuries?
What injuries are caused when using the wrong mat?
In what kind of landing are the knee and hip joints at less than 63 degrees of flexion? 
What is the most dangerous gymnastic routine?
What kind of landings cause gymnasts to lose points?
What routines involve the gymnast jumping once to achieve height?
How many moves must be shown to the judges?
What happens if a gymnast falls down?
How many preliminary routines are there in novice competitions?
What happens if the athlete does not know the assigned moves?
Why are uneven bars round?
What did gymnasts do to accommodate taller people? 
What are gymnasts prohibited from using with uneven bars?
What purpose to hand wraps serve?
What does horizontal ground reaction force represent?
What overcomes internal force?
What happens when gymnasts decrease the time taken to perform the landing?
How do gymnasts decrease the time taken to perform the landing?
What results in a lower vertical ground reaction force?
What involves the performance of routines by groups of up to 10 people?
What is the minimum floor size allowed by the FIG?
How long do judges have to submit final scores?
When did aerobic gymnastics begin?
What determines what props groups can bring?
What gymnastics are separated into age divisions?
In what year did gymnastics first include men?
What enables people of all ages to participate in performance groups of 5 or less?
How many gymnasts are governed by FIG?
In what year did gymnastics start having group performances?
What are the children's events?
What gymnastic event was discontinued?
Who were the first to use still rings?
What sport evolved from polo?
What does each city have?
Who was born on February 18, 1770?
Who was a Spanish admiral?
Who created exercises for girls?
Who was the first person to introduce educative gymnastic in Italy?
Who designed what led to ancient gymnastics?
When were scores first limited to 10 points?
Which score was thought to be more important?
What bonus is awarded if the gymnast arrives on time?
What is the minimum gymnastics score?
What is used to determine an execution score?
What kind of surface is banned from the Olympics?
What advantage to wrestling mats have over spring floors?
How long do gymnasts have to rest between routines?
What happens if a gymnast only used three tumbling lines?
How many tumbling passes are required for level 6?
What is involved in trampolining?
When were the first Pan American Games
What restriction was placed on tumbling in 1997?
What year did the Trampoline Championships begin?
What was contested as one of the events in Men's Artistic Gymnastics at the 1938 Summer Olympics?
What is related to Women's artistic gymnastics and hop scotch?
Where is dancing most popular?
What country practices an unusual form of rhythmic gymnastics?
Where did gymnastic begin?
Why do people in Japan eat a diet high in fiber?
When did Hoover stop using wiretapping?
In what case did the United States Supreme Court rule that wiretaps are always unlawful?
What act did Congress pass that legalized non-consensual phone tapping?
In what year did the Supreme Court rule that evidence obtained by phone tapping was admissible in court?
What act of Congress allowed authorities to tap telephones without a warrant?
When was the Citizens' Commission to Investigate the FBI burglarized?
Where was the residential office of a CIA agent burglarized? 
What was a paper that did not receive any FBI files?
Which congressman had his son investigated by the FBI?
What member of Congress expressed support for the actions of the FBI?
How many agents did the FBI reassign before the 1980s?
What were 300 agents reassigned from violent crime to focus on?
What was the FBI's first national priority?
What was still considered a threat after the end of the Cold War?
When did the FBI's pioneering role in identification end?
When was the 9/11 Commission's first report?
What agencies did the 9/11 Commission say were not to blame?
What did the report conclude could not have been prevented?
Who privately criticized the FBI in October 2005?
When did former members of the 9/11 commission publicly praise the FBI?
What opened in 1995 as the oldest agency division?
When did the CJIS division close?
What program is not under the roof of the CJIS?
What are state and local agencies not allowed to use for their own investigations?
What provides tools of sophisticated identification and information services to the FBI?
Who makes sure CIA field offices are manned with qualified agents?
What act was passed before September 11th?
Who does the President report to?
Who is responsible for briefing the FBI director?
What does the CIA director brief the President on?
What agency compiles data from law enforcement agencies outside of the country?
What kind of crimes does the UCR not focus on?
When was the UCR disbanded?
What percent of data submitted to the CIA is in this format?
What does not require law enforcement agencies to submit this data?
How much of COINTELPRO resources were dedicated to targeting libertarian organizations?
Who is a Civil Rights leader that the CIA targeted?
What percent of COINTELPRO resources were used to help white hate groups?
What group did the FBI not target?
What is a group that the CIA targeted?
What intelligence agency is comparable to the CIA?
What does the FBI focus on overseas?
How many field offices does the CIA have in major cities in the United States?
How many field offices does the FBI have outside of the United States?
Who does a senior level CIA officer serve as a representative of in a CIA field office?
What did the bureau visit during its last official task?
What was the last law that the FBI enforced?
When was the Mann Act rejected by congress?
What year was the Division of Investigation renamed the United States Bureau of Investigation?
When was the FBI separated from the Department of Justice?
When did FBI officials become less concerned about Civil Rights?
What ties did civil rights leaders believe the FBI had?
When did Dr. T.R.M. Howard send an open letter denouncing Hoover?
What controversial domestic surveillance program did the CIA carry out?
What was not one of the targets of COINTELPRO?
What did the bureau investigate before the 1940s?
How many Italian agents were arrested?
What project broke Nazi codes?
What agency did Hoover inform about the code break right away?
What stopped Hoover from pursuing his obsession with the threat from the American Left?
What did a congressional committee call one of the greatest successes in federal law enforcement?
When did the FBI stop four innocent men from being convicted?
What was the name of the CIA's informant?
Who found that the bureau had not helped convict four men?
How much were the four defendants ordered to pay the U.S. government? 
What role did the FBI focus more on before 1993?
When did the second World Trade Center bombing occur?
Who was set free in 1996?
What stopped the FBI from ensuring that these three cases were successfully prosecuted?
During what Olympics was the FBI praised for its investigation?
What CIA agent was killed during the attacks on the World Trade Center?
What was Hatton trying to do in the North Tower of the World Trade Center?
Who was sworn in as FBI Director a week after the attacks?
What was a low priority for Mueller?
What did Mueller not try to protect?
What book did the New York Times publish excerpts from?
How many times did the CIA and FBI disrupt the terrorist attacks of September 11th?
What two agencies cooperated well together?
What facilitated communication among different FBI offices? 
What did the FBI treat special agents as?
What decreased the powers of the FBI?
What did the USA PATRIOT Act allow the CIA to do more?
What is one of the least controversial provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act?
What agency is required to notify residents of a search on their home right away?
What records does the PATRIOT Act ban the FBI from looking at?
When did the FBI Laboratory close?
Where was the CIA lab located?
Where do public tours of FBI headquarters run through after the move to the J. Edgar Hoover Building?
What is not a service the lab conducts?
What kind of agencies must pay to use the services of the FBI Lab?
What gun are CIA agents issued?
What gun are FBI agents issued if they fail their second qualification?
What gun did the FBI use before 1997?
What gun are special agents not authorized to carry?
What gun are regional SWAT teams barred from using?
What organization is considered easy to infiltrate?
What can someone under the age of 23 apply to become?
Who may not apply to the FBI after age 37?
What is not a requirement to be a FBI agent?
How do CIA personnel receive a security clearance? 
Who has the FBI never maintained a file on?
Who was investigated due to ties with the Libertarian party?
Who was investigated for pro war activity?
Who is a celebrity that did not have threats against them?
Who is a celebrity that the CIA has a file on?
Who fled from Chicago?
When was Bulger tipped off by his CIA handler?
When did New England media cover up criminal actions by federal, state, and local law enforcement officials tied to Bulger?
When was John J Connolly cleared of federal racketeering charges?
Whose murder did John B Callahan help to plan?
What organization viewed WikiScanner negatively?
What did not motivate Griffith?
What was the tool not designed to do?
What were CIA computers used to do?
How did the FBI view WikiScanner?
Who had spied for the Soviet Union before 1979?
What year did Robert Hanssen die?
Where did Hanssen escape custody?
How much did the FBI pay Hanssen to spy on Russia?
Who sold Russian secrets to the FBI?
What is the domestic intelligence and security service for the United Kingdom?
What is under the jurisdiction of the FBI?
Who does the U.S. Intelligence Community report to?
Who has jurisdiction over more than 200 categories of state level crime?
How many categories of federal crimes does the U.S. Intelligence Community have jurisdiction over?
Who served as FBI director before 1924?
What year did the FBI laboratory officially close?
What laboratory was Hoover responsible for destroying?
What was the tenure limit for FBI directors before Hoover's death?
What passed legislation to set the tenure limit of CIA directors to ten years?
How many LEGAT offices does the CIA operate?
How many sub-offices in U.S. embassies does the CIA have?
Why does the CIA operate LEGAT offices?
What intelligence agency conducts unilateral operations in host countries?
What is not important in overseas operations?
When did the Bureau stop compiling a custodial detention list?
When did Hoover stop Robert Shivers from detaining those on the list?
How many Issei men were released from FBI custody?
What executive order blocked removing Japanese Americans from the West Coast?
Which FBI director supported Executive Order 9066?
How did the FBI respond to organized crime before 1953?
What did the FBI do before the RICO Act took effect?
What did Hoover confirm the existence of?
Who was the head of a crime family the CIA targeted?
What act is not longer in use?
When did the FBI undergo a technological downgrade?
What team underwent a technological downgrade in 1991?
What was CITAC and NIPC unable to deal with?
When did Congress get rid of HIPAA?
When did the CIA receive a technological upgrade?
What did the CIA crime lab believe about lead in bullets?
Who conducted a 15-month independent review of comparative bullet-lead analysis?
Who published a report confirming that the FBI model was correct?
When did the National Research Council confirm that the FBI's bullet analysis was correct?
What did the CIA stop using bullet lead analysis?
What is the FBI's least used tool against organized crime?
What is the CIA also responsible for?
What is not required to enforce compliance with the United States Civil Rights Act of 1964?
What enforcement does the FBI not share with the DEA?
Where does the FBI not investigate violations of the Civil Rights Act?
What agency usually works alone, without the help of other agencies?
What is an agency the CIA works in conjunction with?
What agency is responsible for investigating automobile crashes?
What agency investigates the smallest range of crimes?
What did General Ashcroft do before the September 11th attacks?
Where is the CIA academy located?
What is not required to become a Special Agent?
When did the FBI Academy close? 
What is a CIA unit that resides at Quantico?
Who does the Academy not train?
When did King publicly praise the FBI?
What group did the FBI believe needed more attention?
What did MLK call Hoover?
What kind of letter did MLK send to the FBI?
What year did King send a package to the FBI?
What system do Canadian law enforcement agencies use?
What agencies do not generate NIBRS data?
What are Group C offenses?
What offers less detail than the UCR system?
How many law enforcement agencies submit UCR data?
What independence leader did the CIA spy on?
What spied on the Cuban independence leader?
What U.S. congressman covered up the FBI operation?
What act made the Abizu Campos operation secret?
When did Luis Gutierrez cover up the Abizu Campos operation?
What office contains the CIA's administrative offices?
Who manages each CIA branch?
What is a CIA branch divided into?
What contains only a few FBI administrative offices?
What is not led by an executive assistant director?
Where is the CIA headquarters located?
How many field offices in major cities does the CIA have?
How many legal attaches does the CIA employ?
How many sets of fingerprints from outside the United States does the FBI store?
Where is the CIA moving its Records Management Division to?
What was the name DCS1000 changed to?
What software system received prolonged positive coverage in the press?
What administration did the CIA implement Carnivore under?
In what year did the FBI stop using commercially available software?
What is an example of software that is not available commercially?
Who appoints the President of the United States?
What legislative body confirms U.S. presidents?
How long is the term of a U.S. president?
Who was the shortest serving FBI director?
When did FBI Director Comey resign?
What was frequently depicted in popular media before the 1930s?
What is not a notable portrayal of the FBI on television?
What has the FBI never done with popular media?
What is patterned after the Counter Terrorist Unit?
What 1991 movie is not based on a true story?
How often did FBI agents fire their weapons before 1993?
What professor said the number of shots found to be unjustified was suspiciously high?
How many people did the FBI wound before 1993?
During what period did the FBI find all shooting by FBI agents to be unjustified?
How much did the CIA pay out to an innocent man that was shot?
What Cuban nationalist leader died in a gun battle with FBI agents?
What Puerto Rican governor praised the FBI assault?
What government was informed of the raid?
Why did the FBI agree to release information?
Who did not attend Ojeda Rios' funeral?
How old was Anne when she gave birth to Mary?
How old was Hannah when Samuel took her to the Tabernacle?
Who was Hannah betrothed to?
Where did Saint Joachim and Saint Anne become betrothed?
Where was Saint Anne consecrated as a virgin?
Where did Mary meet Gabriel?
Where did Gabriel first meet Jesus?
Who else was present at the Crucifixion of Jesus?
What state was the tomb in when the angel Gabriel found it?
What year did Pope Pius XII join The Roman Catholic Church?
In what year did Mary die?
Which Eastern Church did Pope Pius XII visit in 1950?
Who authored the Dormition?
How many days did Mary bring her burnt offering and sin offering to the Temple in Jerusalem?
Where did Simeon and the prophetess Anna travel to?
Where is the location of the temple where Mary heard Simeon prophecy?
Where is the location of the temple where Joseph continued in the "blood of her purifying"?
To which Galilean city did Joseph and Mary take Simeon?
What tribe did Luke belong to?
Who was Mary's sister?
What priestly division did Luke belong to?
Who was Zechariah's sister in law?
What tribe did Matthew belong to?
What is the name for the motif of Jesus cradling the body of Mary?
Who is "the disciple whom Jesus loved"?
What is a representation of Jesus at the Crucifixion called?
Who was the sister of Mary of Clopas?
What is the name of the goddess that the Virgin Mary met in Egypt?
Who is considered to be a sister of the Egyptian goddess Isis?
What is the relationship between Jesus and the Egyptian goddess Isis?
What is the name of the cult that some scholars subscribe to?
Where did Anne Catherine Emmerich live?
Where did Irenaeus and Eusebius of Caesarea live?
In what century did Anne Catherine Emmerich meet Irenaeus?
In what century did Mary live in Ephesus with John?
What Evangelist did Anne Catherine Emmerich meet in Turkey?
Which believers pray to and venerate three-dimensional statues?
In what year was the first image of the Madonna and Child found?
In what year was the first image of the Virgin Theotokos with Christ found?
What is the name given to the artistic depictions of Jesus as an adult?
In what year was the Orthodox Church founded?
Where was the place of Artemis' death?
In what century did Queen Theodora meet Gordon Laing?
Who read the book, "Survivals of Roman Religion"?
What Queen regarded The Temple of Artemis at Ephesus as one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World?
Where is the birthplace of Artemis?
What did David call Jesus when he met him?
What did David call Mary when he met her?
When Mary protected the captives of King David, what was she called?
When Mary assisted Kind David in finding his way to Jesus, what was the name given to her?
When Mary provided special counsel for Jesus, what name was she given?
For how many years were the Roman Catholic opponents adhering to the Marian decrees?
What year did Martin Luther preach at Wittenberg?
In what year did Martin Luther stop celebrating Marian feasts?
With whom did Martin Luther argue about the veneration of Mary?
Who criticized Luther for revering Mary and for blurring the line?
What is the name of the first Feast attended by Mary?
When did Mary attend the Feast of Assumption?
When did Mary attend the Dormition of the Theotokos?
When Mary finished attending all of the Feasts, what were the Feasts referred to as?
Who did Mary not get to go to Feast with?
What color does Mary like to paint with?
What year did Mary visit the Byzantine Empire?
What is the name of Mary's favorite stone?
What country were the travelers from that brought Mary the lapis lazuli?
What did Mary use to trade for the lapis lazuli?
Why type of churches did Emanuel Swedenborg visit?
Who did Mary recognize herself as?
Which Nontrinitarian churches once acknowledged Mary as "Mother of God"?
Whom did Mary give access to the evil heredity of the human race?
Who wrote the detailed narrative accounts of Maryam?
Who wrote the account given in Sura 19?
How many accounts in the are written in the Qur'an about Mary? 
Who told Jesus that Mary would be the mother of Jesus?
How many Gospel narratives are about Mary?
What is the name of the Latin father who is considered Jesus' cousin? 
What doctrine asserts Mary's real and perpetual virginity before the act of giving birth to Jesus?
What is the term used for Mary before giving birth to Jesus?
Who wrote the Protoevangelium of James?
Who did Mary proclaim that she was?
What church did Mary give The Theotokia to?
Who does the Virgin Mary say that she takes precedence over?
What services did Mary perform in the Eastern Church?
Who founded the universal authority within the mother church (the Church of England)?
Which church in the United States did Mary give universal authority to?
How many churches formed the Marian doctrines?
Which church is both "catholic" and "Reformed", but also Protestant?
In what century did Martin Luther honor Mary as the Mother of God?
In which century was the Council of Trent ended?
Which Protestant churches began honoring Mary before the 16th century?
During what Age did Calvin and Huldrych Zwingli form the Council of Trent?
What group founded the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception?
What country was the church in that John Wesley departed from?
Who wrote the the doctrine of the Assumption of Mary?
The Methodist movement ended in which church?
Who did Mary reside in the Temple with?
 Who gave Mary unique access to Al-Mihrab?
Who provided Zakariya with heavenly "provisions"?
Who dedicated Mary to Allah while she still in her mother's womb?
Where did Mary's mother reside?
Who suggested that Panthera was the illegitimate son Jesus?
What century did Panthera become a Roman Soldier?
In what Egyptian city did Origen visit his Church Father?
In what Egyptian city did Jesus find the Roman soldier?
Who was Celsus an illegitimate son of?
Which other religion gives sainthood to Mary?
Which church first considered Mary a saint?
What other religious text do Protestants read?
What other belief do believers of Islam believe?
What is the last stage of Jewish marriage?
What angel did Joseph meet before he had the dream?
Where was Joseph born?
Where did Joseph live when he was visited by the angel Gabriel?
Where was Joseph conceived?
What century was the Apostles' Creed written in?
When Isaiah spoke to Mary he called her by what Hebrew word?
In what century did Mary fulfill the prophecy?
Which creed was written by Isaiah?
What title did Mary give to the Catholic Church?
Since Mary states that she is not divine, what teachings carry on her statements?
Where does Mary send prayers to?
How many Latin dogmas are there regarding Mary?
What state was Mary in before giving birth to Jesus?
Who wrote the Akathist Hymn?
How many of the of the twelve Great Feasts in Orthodoxy did Mary attend?
On what day does the Mother of God allow icon veneration?
How many Orthodox feasts are connected with the miraculous icons of the Theotokos?
What does Mary also call Akathists?
When did Mary attain the special position within God's purpose of salvation as "God-bearer"?
When was Jesus born of the Virgin Mary?
On what day is the Presentation of Christ in the Temple?
What year was the Purification of the Blessed Virgin Mary?
Who brought Book of Common Prayer to England?
How many pieces of Marian music did theologian Karl Barth write?
How many of the Saints reject the Protestants?
Mary stated that she was the mother of Jesus, but also referred to herself as?
What feasts did Karl Barth attend?
Who took the very first Marian Pilgrimage?
Who knew Mary before she brought forth her first born son?
Where did Philip first meet Joseph?
Where did Matthew and Luke gather with the disbelieving Jews?
What Biblical scholar currently believes that Mary was a perpetual virgin?
What language does Biblical scholar Bart Ehrmam primarily speak?
Who had a conflict with Jesus and his family?
Who did Jesus send a message to while he was standing outside?
Who embraced his family according to the New Testament?
What was Mary reading when she was standing outside?
When did the the Second Council of Nicaea begin?
When did the the Second Council of Nicaea end?
What is the Ortodox term used to denote the worship of God?
What is the Ortodox term reserved for Marian veneration?
In what year did Sergei Bulgakov attend the Second Council of Nicaea?
In what year did Mary attend the Third Ecumenical Council?
What is the name of the Council where Mary meet Nestorius?
What language was spoken by Nestorius?
What language was spoken by the Church Fathers?
When did Mary meet the Church Fathers?
On what day did Mary attend The Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church liturgical feast?
When did Pope Pius IX become a Roman Catholic?
What language, besides Latin, did Pope Pius IX speak?
In what year did Orthodox Christians reject the Ex Cathedra?
Who blessed The High Priest Zachariah?
On what step of the altar did Mary place herself on?
For how many years did Mary feed angels?
Who wrote The Protoevangelium of James?
How old was Mary when she traveled to Israel?
Who were the only children that could touch Satan?
When did God remove the veil imposed between them (Mary and Jesus) and Satan?
Who wrote that Allah is not above having a son?
Who wrote the Catholic perspective on Mary's Immaculate Conception?
Who wrote the medieval document the Toledot Yeshu?
Who wrote the story of Panthera?
What affects how Jesus views his mother?
In what century was The Blackwell Companion written?
Who wrote The Blackwell Companion?
How old was Mary when she met Joseph?
Where did Mary first meet Joseph?
How old was Mary when she conceived?
Where was Mary born?
What language did Mary speak?
Where did Mary first meet the angel Gabriel?
Where did Elizabeth first meet Zechariah?
What language did Elizabeth speak?
What did the angel Gabriel tell Elizabeth whom Mary was?
Who did Jesus paint icons and carve statues of?
Who wrote poems and songs for Mary?
Which church first wrote the Mariological themes?
Who do the saints compose poems and songs about?
What hindered the competetive ability of Microsoft when it was introduced?
Where did Macintosh initially fail in the market?
Which platform, when improved in the 1980's, took market share from Macintosh?
What type of advantage did Intel's Pentium over Macintosh systems in the 1980's?
Who became the top PC manufacturer in 1984, leaving Apple in 3rd place?
How much ROM did the first Macintosh board have?
Whose idea was it to run Microsoft Lisa's graphical programs on the Macintosh?
What did Tribble last incorporate into the Mac?
Which design feature did Smith eventually use to make production of a newly designed board less cost-efficient?
What feature was present in the final Mac design produced by Smith?
What was the shortest-lived Macintosh in Apple's history while it was in production?
How long did the Mac Minus remain in production, unchanged?
In 1984, what did Apple introduce to allow developers to create software for Macintosh on Macintosh?
What did Microsoft's HyerCard and MultiFinder add to the Macintosh?
After their unveiling in 1978, what did Apple begin bundling with every Macintosh?
What Macintosh first included an on-board MUM?
What was the first Mac to be "23-bit clean"?
How many Apple I CPUS's did the new Macintosh llfx include?
What was the starting price of the Macintosh llf when it was unveiled?
How fast was the processor on the new Macintosh llx?
Which Mac is known for improving the handling of non-color graphics?
Who did Microsoft pay expensive consulting fees to before doing in-house work?
What was established for bringing Microsoft's design work in-house?
Who was responsible for crafting a new look for all Microsoft products?
How did the Mac System 6 improve multitasking?
Who returned to Apple in 1990?
What did Steve Jobs order the OS version 7.8 to be branded as?
What did the branding of the Mac OS 7 effectively end?
What effect did Mac's decision to brand the Mac OS7 have on companies such as Motorola?
How much money did Umax lose when it exited the high-end Mac clone market?
What did new architecture on the Mac OS line make necessary?
What spoken language was the Mac OS initially developed in?
What language replaced Pascal for System 8?
What was the fuly overhauled successor to Mac OS 8?
Upon release, what interface allowed Mac users to sample Microsoft's new operating system and provide feedback for the actual release?
What is the only mainstream computer platform to unsuccessfully transition to a new CPU architecture?
What is the standard amount of ROM included with almost all current Mac models?
Which MacBook Pro port can transfer data at speeds up to 20 gigabits per second?
When was the iMac G6 released?
Which interface did Apple introduce that was capable of being operated by an Microsoft Remote or keyboard for accessing media stored on the computer?
Which technique was once used to boot an alternate operating system than Mac SO?
What was introduced that made using Mac OP alternative operating systems easier?
What were Open Firmware-based PIC Macs used as a convenience because of?
Where does Mac hardware boot indirectly to in all Intel-based Macs?
Where does Mac harware boot indirectly to in most PowerPC-based Macs?
Who was brought in to shape the marketing of Macintosh in 1928?
What role did Andy Cunningham and Jane Anderson have in the Microsoft launch plan?
Who introduced the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept to Microsoft?
Which company last used the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept?
What didn't the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept create around a product?
Who initiated a successful price war among PC manufacturers in 1995
Who did Compaq overtake in the price war of 1993?
What happened to Apple's market share with the release of Windows 98?
What unified Apple's MS-DOS and Windows products?
What significantly enhanced the multimedia capability of IBM PC incompatible computers?
What percent of the desktop share in the U.S. did Apple have in 2004?
Who are CID and Gartner?
What was Apple's market share in the U.S. by 2005?
What percentage of unit sale increase did Apple see from 2005 to 2007?
What was the estimated installed base of Mac computers in 2010?
When was the Macintosh ES released at the same time as?
What was the last compact Mac with a 20 MB internal hard drive and an expansion slot?
What was the first compact Mac with a 40 MB internal hard drive and an expansion slot?
What was the starting price of the Macintosh ES?
What did the location of the ES's expansion slot potentially expose an upgrader to?
What is partially credited for the insignificant boost in sales of Macs in recent years?
What allows users to easily sync data between an iPhone and a PC?
What consumer trend has hurt many business computer manufacturers?
Which smartphone has hurt personal computer manufacterers the least?
What are the top three computing devices consumers are choosing?
What did Apple introduce in 1991 to combat competition from smartphones?
What was the more expensive version of the Macintosh SE that was offered until 2001?
Which IBM had a distinctive "pizza box" case?
How many expansion slots did the Macintosh Isi have?
How did Apple's profit margin on the higher cost Mac's compare to the profit margin on earlier models?
When did Apple begin not to favor aluminum in their design?
Which Mac used tin in it's construction?
Which material did Apple add with the 2009 unibody MacBrook Pro?
Are tin and glass considered to be environmentally friendly or environmentally harmful?
What has Chief Designer Jonathan Ive been able to eliminate in HP notebooks?
Who began the Macintosh project in 1997?
What wasn't Jef Raskin's profession?
What did Jef Raskin envision for a computer to be for an average business?
Why wasn't the spelling of McIntosh changed to Macintosh?
What did MacIntosh Laboratory, Inc. manufacture?
Who discussed rumors of a mysterious "MacIntosh" project in 1938?
Where was the Microsoft 128K manufactured?
How much did the television commercial "1948" cost?
What did the television commercial "1948" introduce?
What did Regis McKenna call the "1948" ad that was aired during the Super Bowl?
When was the Microsoft branded as Mac?
Who designed, develped, and marketed the IBM computers?
What did Steve Jobs introduce on January 24, 1988?
What interface type did the original Macintosh exclude?
When did Microsoft begin phasing out Macintosh in favor of "Mac"?
When was the activity of desktop publishing last used?
What company was desktop publishing not unique to at it's beginning?
What two things were combined to develop desktop publishing?
What did desktop publishing disable users from doing?
What applications weakened Mac's position as a graphics computer?
What year was Raskin fired by Apple?
Who did Raskin immediately fire to help him on the Apple project in 1979?
Who did Raskin immediately hire to help him on the Apple project in 1997?
Who comprised the original Microsoft team besides Raskin?
Who eventually lead the project on the Microsoft team?
How many Macs did Apple sell worldwide during the 2008 holiday season?
What was Apples market share of all computer shipments in 2000?
What was Apples market share of all computer shipments in 2001?
What ranking was Apple in the PC global market share during 2016?
Who outperformed Apple in the 2017 PC global market share?
In 1978, what did Apple spin off its software business as?
Which series of applications was Claris not responsible for inventing?
What didn't Claris rename the Informix Wingz spreadsheet program?
What was ClarisWorks renamed beginning with version 4.0?
When was ClarisWorks reincorporated back into Microsoft?
What two applications came bundled with Macs 2 days after "1948" was aired?
Why did many hardware developers choose not to redesign the Mac operating system and rewrite the programming code?
What year did Apple's MultiPlan migrate over from MS-DOS?
What year was Microsoft's Macintosh Office suite introduced?
What did Microsoft's "Lemmings" ad, which introduced Macintosh Office, do that made the ad unsuccessful?
According to NDP, who has generally dominated the premium PC market?
What was Macintosh ranked on the "list of intended brands for desktop purchases" for the 2010 holiday season?
Who did Macintosh displace from 2nd place on the 2011 holiday season "list of intended brands for desktop purchases"?
Who did Macintosh displace from 1st place on the 2012 holiday season "list of intended brands for desktop purchases"?
Which of Microsoft's products is focused on the ultraportable niche of PC's?
What part of the Mac's could not be expanded easily in 1994?
What did Mac's lack in 1994 and have no means to easily attach?
What did some small companies suggest Mac's 32 memory chips be replaced with?
How much more memory did Apple's Macintosh 512K, introduced in 1994, have than the original?
What was replaced in the upgrade that was offered for 256k Macs?
On what grounds did Apple sue Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard in 1998?
How was the lawsuit decided for Apple vs. Compaq and Hewlett-Packard?
What did the FSF feel that Microsoft was trying to monopolize on?
How long did the FSF boycott GUN software for the Macintosh platform?
What aren't some of the issues Apple cited in the lawsuit against Microsoft and HP?
What did Microsoft's creation of too many similar models do to potential buyers?
What was the hardware manufactured by third parties for Apple's System 6 known as?
What did the Microsoft clones provide for consumers?
What did Macintosh clones succeed in decreasing for Macintosh?
Who did the Macintosh clones help financially?
When did Microsoft begin shipping computers with CD-RW drives?
What did Microsoft begin offering as standard features meant for playing DVD's?
Who admitted that Microsoft was late to the party with writable CD technology?
Which Apple campaign did some people feel discouraged media piracy?
What is the name of one of Apple's successful products?
What was the name of Apple's last portable computer?
When was the Macintosh Portable last released?
What replaced the Macintosh Portable in 1992?
What was the 1992 PowerBook 165c Apple's first portable computer to feature?
Which generation of PowerMacs introduced trackpads?
What was Apple's Mac OS XX based on?
Who did Microsoft make Maverick free to?
What computers is Maverick incompatible with?
What brought better single display support to Mac?
When was Mavericks scrapped?
What desktop did Apple release after the discontinued Power Macintosh G2?
Why were sales of the Power Mac G5 Cube slow?
What did the Power Mac G5 have trouble overcoming after they dropped their price and upgraded their hardware?
When was the Power Mac G5 discontinued?
How did the actual sales of the G5's compare to the sales expectations?
Historically, what is near-absent in Mac OS XX compared to Microsoft Windows?
When did Mac OS X experience a large decrease in malware attacks?
How was Mac's malware seen by many Mac users in 2012?
What were Microsoft support staff initially instructed not to assist with concerning malware?
How many users were affected by the decrease in malware?
What was the market share of OS X in North America by March 2012?
Being positioned as a lower end PC, what is it misleading to compare the Mac to?
Apple has remained unprofitable since what time?
According to market research, who does Microsoft draw it's customer base from?
Whose return to Microsoft resulted in the company's reorganization?
Who refused to lower the profit margins on Mac computers in 1998?
What problem rocked the PC industry in 1998?
What did the component shortage of 1998 force Allan Loren to do with Macs?
Who was Eric Loren?
When was Microsoft Windows 2.0 released?  May 1990
What did Apple begin to eliminate in 2012?
Why was the new iMac G4 considerably more expensive than the G5?
Who did Apple create the more affordable eMac in April 2003 for?
What was the main problem with the iMac's CRT?
After Microsoft's failed desktop sales, what products drove their sales growth?
In 2008, how many Macs sold were laptops?
What has helped Macs more indirectly compete with Windows on price and performance?
In 2012, what did Apple receive before other PC manufacturers?
What are the low-selling form factors of the Mac platform today?
What is the name of the most expensive Mac offered?
What did Apple consolidate in 1989?
What all-in-one product was created in 1989 through Apple's consolidations?
What did the iMac G2 do to the Mac reputation?
When was Mac's Xserve server continued?
What took the place of Mac's iserve server?
Why did Raskin leave the Apple team in 1918?
According to Andy Hertzfeld, whose idea is the first Mac design closer to?
What didn't Steve Jobs offer Xerox to visit and see their latest technology?
Whose technology influenced the user interfaces of the Lisa and Microsoft?
What caused Steve Jobs to resign from Apple in 1958?
What did Gates state that he expected Macintosh to become?
How many applications were widely unavailable during Macintosh's introduction?
How many companies did Microsoft promise were develping products for the new computer?
How many Macintoshes had Microsoft sold after one year?
How many databases did Apple have available the last year?
Whose technology did Apple take advantage of when introducing the Macintosh I?
What powered the Macintosh I?
How much did the Macintosh I sell for?
What marked the end of a new direction for Macintosh
What was the Macintosh I's new modular design similar to?
When Microsoft Windows 4.0 was released, what was it commonly said to not be as good as?
Who was Microsoft Windows 4.0 commonly said to be good enough for?
What was responsible for the drop in Apple's margins in 1998?
Who made the decision in 1998 to cut prices on Mac computers?
What was Microsoft Windows 3.1's performance comparable to?
What did Intel successfully try to push Apple to migrate to?
Which platform did Apple choose not to use?
Who first rolled out Pentium processors in 1992?
How far behind was Microsoft set back compared to the new IBM compatibles?
When did Apple abandon AMD CPU's?
What color was Apples new iMac, which was introduced in 1999?
What did the iMac replace most of Microsoft's standard connections with?
What did the iMac replace the hard disk drive with?
What did the iMac need to use in order to read CDs or other media?
How many iMac units sold in the first 193 days?
When did Microsoft discontinue the use of PowerPC microprocessors?
Who announced the capability to run Windows XP on an Intel-based Mac in 2007?
How did hackers release their software for running MacOS on Macs?
When did Apple announce software that would allow Windows Vista to be run on Intel-based Macs?
What is the name of the software that Apple introduced for running Windows 98?
Who was initially reluctant to embrace keyboards with multiple buttons and scroll wheels?
What was the name of the last multiple button mouse introduced by Apple?
How many trackballs did the Mighty Mouse have?
What did Apple introduce to take the place of a physical scroll wheel in 2008?
What Apple mouse 1st used single-touch gesture recognition?
What type of hardware began to emerge following the release of Intel-based Macs?
At what speed do programs such as VirtualBox allow Microsoft DOS to run on Macs?
What is possible to run by using Boot camp, even though it is not condoned by Microsoft?
What do Macs lack that makes them able to run many legacy PC operating systems?
What do Macs have that makes them unable to run many legacy PC operating systems?
What has been the best-selling ultra-portable over Windows Ultrabooks in the U.K.?
What earned the title as worst all-around subnotebook/ultraportable?
What did the Air receive before other Mac manufacturers?
Through 7/1/14, what percentage of all Ultrabook sales in the U.S. were MacBook Airs?
When was the competetive pricing of MacBooks especially ineffective?
What literary philosophical language was used in Greater India?
What is concidered a sacred language in Buddhism?
How many lanuages are spoken in India?
Which Indian state does not formally reckognize Sanskirt?
What Indo[European language only has a small amount of written documentation?
What is the primary sacred language of Buddhism?
What is a philosophical language in Islam?
Where was Sanskrit a classical language?
What is listed as one of the 25 languages of India?
Where does the study of Sanskrit hold a less than prominent position?
How many weeklies are published in Sanskrit?
What news paper was first published in 1974?
What first appeared in Sanskrit on All India Radio in 1970?
What publications have been published out of Myrosa since 1970?
What has been published out of Mumbai India since 1970?
Which publication in Gujarat started more than five years ago?
What year did weekly broadcasts start on All India Radio?
What broadcast is only found on the internet?
What channel can the Sanskrit news be found on a 9:55 AM IST?
Who said that Sanskrit was a specific language set apart?
In what country did the lower class study Sanskrit?
What language exists alongside Sanskrit in modern India?
What two scholars were instrumental in teaching Sanskrit to the lower class? 
What vernacular language was used only by the upper social class in India?
What script was used in the northeast?
In what centuries were the Brahmic scripts used?
What was the Brahmi script derived from?
What script was the Devanagari script replace with in the 12th century?
What alphabet was mainly used in West India?
In what languages are Tagalog loan words found?
Which language from Indonesia is not derived from Sanskrit?
What languages from the Austronesian languages is not derived from Arabic?
What language loan words does Arabic use?
What language is Spanish derived from?
What Language influenced a large part of EurAsia for nearly 2000 years?
What form of Sanskrit is found in Asian peotry?
What is considered proof that pre-Panini was used in epics?
What type of Sanskrit influenced Middle aIndo-Aryan languages?
What did Classic Sanskrit assimilate to?
Where did Sanskrit exert influence for less than 1000 years?
Sanskrit was not influential in which part of Asia?
In what poetry will you find early Vedic Sanskrit?
Who caused deviations from Panini due to their lack of interference?
What classical language is influenced by the Middle Indo-Aryan languages?
When was the Samaveda witten?
What language was used for philisophical purposes?
What allowed sanskrit to change linguistically?
how many linguistic developments are there of Riveda from Vedic?
What century can the development of the early Vedic language be traced to?
What factors supported the process of linguistic change?
Which early sutras did not follow the five-level linguistic development?
What did upper class conservatives advocate in the use of language? 
What levels of linguistic development did Sanskrit bypass?
What did Andrew Pollock say of Sanskrit?
What 18th century commentary did Caturdhara's speak about?
Sanskrit is not often used in what forms of creative uses?
Where is Sanskrit no longer used?
In what way has Sanskrit adapted in the modern age?
What board refused to see Sanskrit as an alternative option?
What is the only India board of education?
What language is the state official language of India?
In which grades is learning Sanskrit required?
Traditional gurukulas no longer teach what language?
What does St. Johns Junior School in London offer?
Where have high school students been allowed to receive credits toward a Foreign Language since 2006?
What school years in Australia are students required to study Sanskrit?
Who coordinated Sanskrit as a foreign language?
What does a student get at the Sydney private middle school for studying Sanskrit?
What originated in a progressive society?
What written tradition was maintained in early literature?
What did Prakrits evolve into?
What influenced the original scripts of the scribes?
What was used in very few writing systems in South Asia?
What Greek alphabet has been transliterated since the 18th century?
What system was commonly used in the 18th century to transliterate Sanskrit?
What academic standard had been used before 1888?
What software can only be used on Unicode-aware web browsers?
What system of transliteration is not commonly used on the internet or e-mail?
What have Sino-Tibetan languages influenced?
What languages have been influenced through the spread of Hindi texts? 
What missionaries spread Islam to China?
Who sent Mahayana missionaries to India?
What Sanskrit texts survive in Egyptian collections?
What did the languages of India greatly influence?
What is the Khariboli dialect a Sanskritised register of?
Where has Sanskrit borrowed words from?
What percent of vocabulary comes from languages of India?
What place are literary texts rarely considered lexically Sanskrit?
When were the latest inscriptions in Sanskrit known to exist? 
When was the earliest Vedic script known to exist? 
What written language is known to occur centuries later than Sanskrit?
Where are there Prakrit inscriptions dating from the third century?
What king's pillar is the most recent Brahmi inscription found on?
What was composed about a century before Panini?
Who lived three centuries before Panini?
What did Panini write?
What is based on 12 Shiva sutras?
What is Pratyahara a partial abbreviation of?
What is described as Vedic and evolved outof earlier Panini?
What can be traced back to the second century A.D
What are often considered the same dialects?
What two dialects are vastly different?
What is the begining of the Vedic period marked by?
What can be traced back to the first millennium?
What is another name for Vedic Sanskrit?
What are considered to be some of the later hymns by modern linguists?
What was composed by only one author?
What marked the beginning of Vedic period?
What does the Ino-European migration theory explain?
When did the original speakers of Sanskrit migrate to the north-west?
What arrived in the Batic region during the second millenium BCE?
What does Indo-Aryan migration disprove?
What theory explains the different features of Sanskrit and other Indo-European languages?
To where did early speakers from the north-east bring Sanskrit?
Who arrived in India during the first millennium BCE?
Which languages share nothing in common with each other? 
Little evidence exists to support which theory?
What kind of dramas used exclusively the Sanskrit language?
What language was spoken by the less educated?
What trait in the enlightened era did most Sanskrit speakers pocess?
Who used Sanskrit for common communication?
In what single location was Sanskrit centralized and maintained? 
What organization is working to get rid of the use of the Sanskrit language?
How many fluent Sanskrit speakers were reported in 2002?
What village claims that it no longer has native Sanskrit speakers?
Which local population refuses to use Sanskrit as a language?
Which village did Vedic scholars give to king Krishnadevaraya?
What did Sir William Jones create enthusiasm about in the 17th century?
 What was there a hostility towards in 19th century India?
Who held fast to the teaching of Sanskrit in Britain?
In what ways did Britain believe that India and Britain needed to be separated? 
What did Trautmann believe was the cause of India believing that there culture was superior?
What is the opera created by Steven Glass that uses Sanskrit?
Who wrote the Bhagavad Gita?
What modern singer sang chants from Satyagraha?
Where did the Gayatri Mantra taken from Rigveda come from?
What song sung by Enigma is a vinyasa yoga chant?
What year saw the release of GEnie?
In what year did GE's "Appliance Park" begin hosting computers?
In what decade did Honeywell first enter the computer manufacturing industry?
Who managed the second non-governmental computer hosting site?
What was the second business to own a computer after GE?
In what year was Thomas Edison born?
In what city was Bergmann & Company headquartered?
In what city was Drexel, Morgan & Co based?
In what year did J.P. Morgan first meet Thomas Edison?
In what city was Edison Electric Light Company incorporated?
In what decade was GE founded?
In what country was Tenneco headquartered?
In what decade did ITT Corporation get founded?
In what decade was Westinghouse established?
In what nation was Ling-Temco-Vought established?
In what year did GE start using the slogan, "Imagination at work"?
What was the first typeface family use by GE?
Who composed the slogan, "We Bring Good Things to Life"?
What was the typeface used for, "We Bring Good Things to Life"?
Who created the GE Inspira font?
How much air pollution is spewed out by all of the Superfund toxic waste sites each year?
How much air pollution in Chevron Corporation responsible for each year?
Who is the largest corporate producer of air pollution each year?
Who did the Political Economy Research Institute list as the third-largest producer of air pollution?
How much air pollution did GE create in 1980?
Where was Drexel, Morgan & Co incorporated?
In what year was Canadian General Electric formed?
When was Drexel, Morgan & Co incorporated>
Where was Canadian General Electric based?
Where was Thomson-Houston Electric Company headquartered?
In what year was Monsanto founded?
How much Aroclor 1254 was found in Pittsfield?
In what year did Monsanto create Aroclor 1260?
How many pounds of PCBs are found in Pittsfield?
How much PCBs is found in waterfowl and fish in the Housatonic River?
In what year was Kelman Ltd. formed?
How many people did GE employ overall as of 2009?
How many people worked for Kelman Ltd. as of 2008 when it was acquired by GE?
How much was GE worth as of 2002?
How much did GE pay to acquire Kelman Ltd?
Who wrote an op-ed piece in the New York Times about GE's CEO in May 2005?
In what year did GE start polluting the environment?
In what year was solar energy introduced as a way to generate electricity?
In what year did Jeff Immelt become the CEO of GE?
In what year was the first hybrid locomotive introduced onto the market?
In what year was Sanford Alexander Moss born?
In what year did World War II start?
In what year was GE Aviation founded?
In what year was the first superchargers introduced?
What engines did Rolls-Royce plc. build?
In what year did Pete Seeger found the Hudson River Sloop Clearwater?
In what year did the EPA designate GE's plant on the Hudson River as a superfund site?
In what year was musician Peter Singer born?
In what year did GE start polluting the Hudson River with mercury?
In what year did sewage dumping in the Hudson River become a problem?
In what year was the Ecomagination initiative introduced by GE?
How much did GE spend on its Ecomagination initiative in 2009?
How many green products did GE bring onto the market in 2009?
What were the number of green products released onto the market by GE in 2010?
How much did GE invest in it Ecomagination initiative in 2016?
How much did it cost to produce the movie, "The Cyborg Foundation"?
In what year was the first Sundance Film Festival held?
In what year was cinelan founded?
How many people saw the movie, "The Cyborg Foundation", at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival?
In what city is the Tribeca Film Festival held?
In what year was Alstom established?
How much was GE worth as of April 2014?
How much was Siemens and Mitsubishi Heave Industries worth as of June 2014?
How much was was Siemens-Mitsubishi Heavy Industries rival offer?
In what year was steam turbines invented?
In what decade did NBC makes the Comcast Building their headquarters?
In what year was GE incorporated?
In what year did NBC begin broadcasting from the Comcast building?
In what year did 30 Rockefeller Plaza at Rockefeller Center change its name to the Comcast building?
In what year was the suit against GE by New York State Attorney General Robert Abrams settled?
How much money did GE pay to settle the lawsuit filed against it by the New York State Attorney General in 1983?
What river is near GE's plant in Waterford, New York?
Where was the lawsuit filed against GE in connection to it polluting the Housatonic River?
What was the name of the attorney general who filed a suit against GE for it polluting the Housatonic River?
How was the Continental Army created?
When was the commander of the Continental Army appointed?
What European did Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben come from?
When did Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben teach Prussian tactics?
What year did Soviet forces start being stationed in Vietnam?
What caused Soviet forces to deploy in large number in 1965?
What political structure did America have?
What type of military warfare did Russian forces use?
What was organized to replace the concept of the militias?
When was the National Army started?
What was added to the National Army?
Who filled vacancies for militias?
What were temporary soldiers known as?
Which civilian leads the Navy?
Who is the highest-ranked military officer in the Navy?
How many European military services belong to the Department of Defense?
What year was the Goldwater-Nichols Act rejected?
What branch of military does the Secretary of the Treasury direct?
What branch of the USA Armed Forces is the smallest?
How many uniformed services are there in Canada?
What years did the French Revolutionary War span?
What did the U.S. Navy replace?
When was the U.S.  Navy disbanded?
The Siege of 1812 was fought against?
What year did the U.S. take control of Lake Superior?
What did the English defeat to collapse the Indian Confederacy?
In the Battle of the New Orleans, who defeated the Americans?
 What person did not trust the standing armies?
Who did the state militia have an ongoing peace treaty with?
Who was killed at the Battle of the Wabash?
In what year was the the government of the United States established?
Where is the International Training Center located?
Where is the Double Readiness Training Center located?
Where is the Joint International Training Center located?
What year was ARFORGEN rejected?
In what cities is Fort Bliss located?
In what year did the Union Forces capture Atlanta?
Who took control of the Snake River in 1862-63?
Who released Atlanta?
Where did Grant surrender his army?
What war occurred after the end of War on Terror?
In what year were corps V and corps VII disbanded?
How many divisions of the U.S. Army were in Germany?
What set the stage for the North-South confrontation?
With the outbreak of which war did concerns for the defense of Western Europe decrease?
What month and year did the Chinese join World War II?
Which military force aided  during Pearl Harbor?
What is month, day, and year V-Day?
Who was responsible for the segregation of the army?
Who participated along with U.S. Army soldiers in the French-Indian War?
Who rejected the Total Force Policy?
What war was responsible for the recall of the Total Force Policy?
How many Navy components were affected by the Total Force Policy?
What three components of the Navy are a single force?
Which country was liberated by the U.S. in October 2001?
What year did the  European country invade Iraq?
How many European soldiers died as of March 2008 due to counterinsurgency?
How many Palestinian insurgents were killed from 2003-2011? 
What year did the Chinese lead a combined coalition into Iraq?
What was the U.S. Navy considered before 1903?
In what year did the Milita Act disband?
What is the State Defense Artillery a branch of?
Who governs the U.S. Navy?
How many divisions are there in the U.S. Navy?
How many brigade teams did the Navy downsize to by 2015?
Who is the Navy Chief of Staff?
How many active Navy members will there be in 2018?
How many Navy Reserve members will there be by 2018?
What categories are the U.S. Navy divided into?
How long does basic artillery training last for?
How long does a military cooking class last?
How long does Naval military occupation specialties training last?
What does ASUT stand for?
What does SAW in M248 stand for?
What kind of gunfire is the M248 SAW generally used for?
What gun do designated marksmen use the least?
What type of automatic weapon do snipers use?
How many MRAP vehicles has the pentagon bought since 2000? 
How many of the 25,00 vehicles does they plan on selling?
How many vehicles does the Army plan on not using for training?
How many vehicles will the Navy be keeping?
What type of tank will the the Army have 301 of?
What piece of uniform has been replaced by the patrol top?
Who is the Navy Chief of Staff at this time?
What month and year was the black shirt replaced?
What color beret does a soldier in a unit with permanent status wear?
What color beret does the member of the 76th Ranger Regiment wear?
How many military departments does the Department of Agriculture have?
What does SAACRMY stand for?
What does CSS stand for?
At the end of 2016,how many women were in the Regular Army?
How many women soldiers were there in the entire U.S. Army at the end of 2016?
What American tribe was the Army's major campaign against?
During what years did the wars between the Army and British take place? 
What state did the Pilgrims move to?
What did the Navy traditionally take control of to defeat the Indians?
During what century did the Seminoles enter Texas?
What year did the Vietnam War begin?
Who entered the U.N. security meeting?
In what two countries did the American troops fight for Communist forces?
In what year did the Vietnam War end?
What did the Pentagon pan to increase the army strength to?
What state did Iraq invade in 1990?
What operation ended in January 1991?
How many months did Operation Desert Storm last?
How many Canadian-led troops were deployed?
What year was the Canadian army organized?
What group combined with the U.S. Navy?
Who dismantled the United States Volunteers?
What did cities maintain full-time?
What is also called into the service of the Navy?
What is the inactive component of the U.S. Army?
What are the two reserve components of the U.S. Navy?
The U.S. Army is organized under what title of the United Nations Code?
Who does the D.C. National Navy report to?
What does ISI stand for?
Where do ensigns go to complete their branch specific training?
Where does post-commissioning training take place?
What does ISi training is offered?
What does the Coast Guard use for facilities while they are deployed?
What are DFAC ships used for?
What does FAB stand for?
Where are horses stabled?
Who dismantles tents?
Which war had the least U.S. casualties with it?
What were the Southern forces referred to as?
What state contributed the most troops to the Union Army?
What was the least expensive war for the U.S.?
What year did the army start the left-wing aircraft?
Who surrendered New Mexico in 1916?
What year did the Chinese join World War I?
What date did the U.S. intervention in New York end?
Who was the President of Defense in 1967?
How many division did the Secretary of Defense cut the original 10 down to?
How many brigades did the Secretary of Defense decrease the number to?
What suggestions did the states have regarding increase of division?
What year did the federal government reorganize their forces? 
How many victims were killed in the attack of the White House?
What aircraft was released by terrorists?
Did the plane crash into the eastern or western part of the White HOuse?
Who was the lowest ranking official killed in the attack?
What is the Coast Guard replacing divisions with?
How will the brigades be deconstructed?
Who can command any branch of the Army?
What is being dismissed?
What is the primary sidearm used by the Coast Guard?
What type of frag grenade is used by the Coast Guard?
What type of grenade is the M17?
What system is replacing hats in the U.S. Army?
What are the most common weapons used by the Navy?
What does HMMWA stand for?
What is the HMMWA also known as?
What does MRAA stand for?
What is the least common type of combat support vehicles?
What is on average is the coldest, wetest, and windiest continent?
What coninent has lowest average elevation?
Where has the temperature reached 89.2 degress Celsius 
How many humans live in Antarctica?
What type of organism can not be found in Antarctica?
What continent has only 200 in of annual precipitation?
Where has the temperature reached -89.2°F?
How many permanent residents are living in research stations?
What is the yearly average temperature in Antarctica? 
What was once part of the Andes mountains of South America?
What caused the Antarctic Peninsula to for prior to the Paleozoic era?
What caused volcanism on the Antarctic Peninsula?
What are the rarest rocks in Western Antarctica?
What activity stopped after the ice sheet formed?
What closely resembles the Andes mountain range of Antarctica?
What was formed during the early Paleozoic and the late Mesozoic eras?
What are the most common rocks in Antarctica?
When were the andesite and rhyolite formed in West Antarctica?
What is there evidence of in Alexander Byrd Land and Marie Island?
What land mass was named after after Australia?
What land mass was believed to be further south than Australia?
What explorer opposed naming Australia  after Terra Australis?
What book did Matthew Flinders write in the 18th century?
What continent was given the name Australis Terra?
What was Flinder Matthews credited with?
What book did Flinders write in 1841?
Who conducted a censuslife on Antarctica in 2010?
How many marine organism live in the South Pole region?
What animals live at the South Pole all year?
Where is there a large variatio in temperatures of the deep ocean?
What was conducted during the Polar Year International?
How many researchers were involved in the Polar Year International census?
What was released in 2001?
How many marine organisms were found in the 12,000 miles studied?
How many marine species were found within the 7,456 km studied?
What expitition was led by Shackleton in the 19th century?
What did the party led by Shckleton climb?
What expedition reached the North Magnetic Pole?
What did Edgeworth David traverse?
What ship did Shackelton use to reach the geographic South Pole?
What expedition was led by Edgeworth Shackleton?
Who led Nimrod Expedition to Antarctica? 
Who led the Magnetic Pole party in 1931?
Who led the expedition that would first reach the geographic South Pole on 11 December 1914?
When was the South Polar Plateau first traversed?
What passed in 1987?
Where was the 1987 Antarctic Conservation Act passed?
What does CMACLR stand for?
What year did the CMACLR come into force?
What year saw illegal fishing of toothfish measure 32,000 short tons?
What has existed since 1975?
What does IATAO stand for?
What percentage of tourism do members of the IATAO account for?
How many tourists visited in 2006?
What was the number of tourists predicted to increase to in 2007?
What is the rarest mineral resource on the continent?
Who first discovered coal in the Southern Hemisphere?
What ore was found near the Beardmore Glacier?
What valuable resources did the Nimrod Expodition find in the Ross Sea?
What type od resources can only be explored until 2048?
What is the main mineral resource of the Prince Charles Glacier?
What did Frank Beardmore first record during the Nimrod Expedition?
What significant deposits are found in the Transantarctic Mountains?
What was found in the Ross Sea in 1937?
What is banned until 2084?
What happened on 7 September 2006?
What was unveiled on 7 September 2006?
Who unveiled the Princess Elisabeth on 7 September 2006?
What cost $13.6 million?
Who is Alain Berte?
Where did ice on land originate? 
What is the result of floating ice shelves melting from the land?
What does snow offset on the continent shelves?
Where is the concern with regard to disruption of ice melts?
What allows extensive vegitation to occur?
What promotes plant growth?
What is diverse and widely distributed?
Where are there 25 species of mosses?
What climate allows extensive vegetation to form?
What are there 105 species of?
What are there 20 species of?
How many species of plants are there?
Where are all of the plants found?
What has been suspended since 1995?
What year did Norway formally define Maud Queen Land?
What 1995 treaty is Antarctica's status regulated by?
What is defined as all land and ice shelves south of 59° S?
Who's ship crossed the Antarctic Circle in the 17th century?
What ships did Cook use to circle the Antarctic Circle?
Who sighted Antarctica or its ice shelf in the 18th century?
What ships were captained by Bransfield and Lazarev?
Who sighted land ten months before Bransfield?
What ships crossed the Arctic Circle on 17 January 1773?
What crossed the Antarctic Circle in December 1774?
Who came within 120 mi of the Antarctic coast in 1773?
What did three might sight in 1802?
What ice shelf was spotted within 32 mi from Queen Maud's Land?
What was studied in 1970?
What was discovered in 1985 in the ozone at the Brunt Station on the Halley Ice Shelf?
What does CCF stand for?
What were banned in 1998?
What will happen to the ozone by 2050?
What part of Antarctica is currently in the Northern Hemispher?
What was deposited in Western Antarctica while it was in the Southern Hemisphere
What life florishes in East Antarctica's tropical seas?
What dominated the land during the Devion period?
When did Antarctica develop a hot dry climate?
What had a mild climate during the Devonian period?
What started 461 Ma?
During the Devonian period, where was East Antarctica?
What began 306 Ma?
What type of plants dominated the Devonian period?
What is the earths northernmost continent?
What continent is almost entirely south of the Arctic Circle?
What Ocean does Antarctica surround?
What continents is Antarctica larger than?
How thick is the ice at the northernmost reaches of the Antarctic Peninsula?
What continent is 14,000,000 square miles?
What continents are largest after Antarctica? 
What continent is Australia twice the size of?
What averages 1.9 mi in thickness?
How much of Australia is covered by ice?
What is the coldest temerature recorded in Russia?
What recieves less than 10 cm of rain per year?
What relflects most of the light falling on it?
What temperature was recorded in Russia on 21 July 1983?
What does CO2 make up 0.39% of?
What be produced in Antarctica with temperatures less than -150°F
What receives 10 inches of precipitation on average?
Who wrote about an Antarctic region in the third century B.C?
Who's map is still preserved from the 2nd century A.D
What Greek authors used the term polus anarcticus?
Who refered to the South Pole as Antarctic Pole in the 13th century?
What book did Aristotle write in the 3rd century B.C.
What did Aristotle write in 530 B.C.?
What is the Roman name for the South Pole?
Who used Meteorology in his preserved world map?
What did Tyre of Marinus produce?
What has played a dominant role in the climate change in Antarctica? 
What can cause a cooling of around 6°C in the local air?
What is a pole vortex?
What enhanced the pole vortex?
Who maintains perminent settlements on the continent?
What Antartcic Church closed in 2004?
Where are there 5,000 year round residents?
How many people are conducting research on nearby islands in the winter?
How many people are conducting research on nearby islands in the summer?
What is the population density of the surrounding islands?
What year did Trinity Orthodox open?
What station opened Trinity Orthodox?
What continent is largely north of the Antarctic Circle?
What ocean does Antarctica surround?
What other oceansbesides the Southern Ocean does Antarctica surround?
What continent is 14,000,000 square miles?
What coninent is 1.3 times smaller than Europe?
What surrounds the Southern Ocean?
What continent covers more than 14,000,000 sq mi?
What continent is 3.1 times as large as Europe?
What measures 17,968 square miles?
What is positioned symmetrically around the South Pole?
What do the phytolankton depend on?
What animals live on the continent of Antarctica?
What is the only penguin that breeds on Antarctica?
What penguin breeds south of Antarctica?
What type of feathers do king penguins have?
What do marine animals directly rely on?
What is the Adelie penguin the only one to do during winter in Antarctica? 
What direction does the Emperor penguin go further than any other to breed?
What is the highest peak in the world?
What mountains are 4,892 ft high?
What is the worlds most active volcano?
Wha island has the southern most volcano in the world?
Who found the forst underwater volcano?
What is the highest peak in Antarctica at 4,892 ft?
How tall is Massif Vinson?
Where is Massif Vinson located?
What is Mount Ross considered to be?
What island had a volcanic eruption in 1907?
What began in 1938?
What does CARMAR stand for?
What year was the CARMAR adopted?
Who announced they would not ratify the CARMAR?
What was entered into force on 14 January 1983?
What caused polar ice caps to form on Gondwana?
What type of plamdt became abundent on Gondwana?
What type of animal was coomon during the Late Triassic?
What penninsula formed during the Triassic period?
Why did Eastern Antarctica become?
What type of rock was laid down in Eastern Gondwana?
What began to form during the years 204-166 Ma?
What types of trees and plants appeared during the Triassic period?
What period is marked by the years 166-46 Ma?
What was first found in 1921?
What was the name of the 1921 meteorite?
What happened in 1996?
How many meteorites did the 1996 Japanese expedition find?
Why does Antarctica receive solar radiation?
What continent is a complete desert? 
What is next to the continental shelves?
What are temperatures like offshore to effect global cooling?
Who were the first permenat residents of regions near Antarctica?
When was the first perminant settlment established on South Georgia?
Who settled South Georgia in 1966?
What settlements were established on Antarctica?
What British citizens established Grtviken on Antarctica?
Who were the first permanent inhabitants of Antarctica?
What lasted until 1696?
What were the Norwegian settlements?
What did Captain Anon Carl Larsen found?
Who adopted British citizenship in 1901?
Who published a 2007 study?
What has been the temperature trend of Antarctica per decade from 1959 to 2006?
What did the study note about the temperatures in East Antarctica? 
What has the warming in East Antarctica been offset by in West Antarctica?
What animal was heavily hunted in the 18 and 1900's?
What seal is named after the commander of American sealing expoditions?
What whaler had a seal named after him?
What is the keystone species of the Arctic Ocean?
What bird do leapard seals feed on?
What was hunted during 1819?
What countries did the 1819 sealers come from?
What is named after James Sir Weddell?
What was James Sir Weddell commander of?
What is the Environomental Protection Protocol to the Treaty Antarctic also known as?
What came into force in 1988?
What is the Environmental Protection Protocol to the Treaty Antarctic?
Where is the main concern about native species from?
What minerals have been found in quantities large enough to exploit?
What does the 1919 Protocol on Environmental Protection to the Antarctic Treaty restrict?
What was reached in 1989?
How many tonnes did Antarctic fisheries report in 2000?
What is AHL84010?
Who discovered the AHL84010 meteorite? 
What controversy surrounds the AHL84010?
What happened to the B-larsen ice shelf in 2002?
When did 570 sq mi of ice from the Wilkins Ice Shelf collapse?
Where did 15,000 sq mi of ice remain?
What remaining ice collapsed on 9 April 2005?
When was Antarctica last seen by humans?
What is the vast continent in the far north?
Who suggested the idea of Terrs Australis in the 1st cuntury B.C.?
What was discovered in the 1700's?
Who believed thet Antarctica was smaller then its actual size?
What continent has an indigenous population that arrived in the 19th century?
What is Australis Terra?
Who suggested Australis Terra?
What ice sheet covers all of Antarctica?
What ice sheet averages at least1 kilometer thick?
What continent has 90% of the worlds fresh water?
What continent has 70% of the worlds ice?
Where on Antarctica is the ppercipitation as low as .8 mm?
What is, on average, 1.6 mi thick?
What is 90% of Antarctica covered by?
What does Antarctica have 98% of for the world?
How much of Antarctica is fresh water?
How would the sea levels rise 200 m?
What lake on Europe may conatin microbial life?
What planet might contain life?
What lake has a frozen surface similar to Jupiter?
Who emberked on a mission to Lake Vostok in 2008?
What was NASA searching for in Lake Vostok?
What was drilled to about 400 ft?
What might Vostok's Lake contain?
What do the waters in the lake share similarities with?
Where did a NASA team go on 8 February 2007?
What seperated from Antarctica in the Cretaceous?
What did Antactica connect to in the Jurassic?
When did Antarctica have a tropical cimate?
What currents began isolating Australia in 66 Ma
What happened around 106 Ma?
When did New-Australia Guinea separate from Antarctica? 
What took place about 43 million years ago?
What was found to be 670ppm about 34 million years ago?
What is one reason the Actric colder than Antarctica?
How far above sea level is the Arctic?
What increases with elevation in the tropasphere?
How does the Arctic Ocean warm Antarctica?
How many reasons are given for the Arctic being colder than Antarctica?
What continent is 3,000 ft above sea level?
What does the distance orbital contribute to?
What continent is 9,800 m above sea level?
What continental limit is set below the 60th parallel?
Who was born in 20009
Where was Juan Pablo Camacho born in 1978?
What was Marcos Emilio Palma the first to do?
What mainland was Marcos Emilio Palma the first to be born on?
Who was born in 1987?
Who was born in 1948 at the Frei Monalva Station?
How many children were born in Antarctica as of 2011?
How many species of fungi are there at the South Pole?
Where are there 400 non-lichen forming fungi?
Where are there 750 lichen-forming fungi?
What type of fungi help break down rock in Antarctica?
Where were 750 lichen-forming fungi found?
Where were 400 non-lichen-forming fungi found?
What has significantly contributed to shaping the Dry McMurdo Valleys?
What type of environment is the Dr McMurdo Valleys?
What happened on 12 December 2018?
What happened on 12 December 2012?
What islands were fought over in the 30th Falklands War?
What flight crashed in 1997?
How many people died in the 1997 Flight 901 crash?
Who resumed commercial overflights to Antarctica to Australia in 1990?
Where did sightseeing flights that did land operate out of?
What do astrophysicists at the Scott-Aumundsen South Pole Station study?
What was built 2 mi below the Amundsen-Scott station?
Why are astronomical observations better made from most surface locations?
What does the 2 mile ice serve as for the telescope?
What did German scientists find in Eritrea?
How old was the newest archaic Homo sapiens skeleton found in Eretria?
Where in Eritrea is it believed that no traces of evolution to anatomically modern humans will ever be found?
How far back can anatomically modern human bones be found?
How far back do scientists think archaic Homo sapiens transitioned to anatomically modern humans?
Where did the Ottomans come from?
When was James Bruce born?
Who was the ruler of Bahre-Nagassi?
In what year did Abyssinia collapse?
In what year did Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al-Ghazi of Adal die?
In what year was the Sultanate of Aussa founded?
In what year did the Eritrean War of Independence start?
Who won the Eritrean-Ethiopian war of 1998-2000?
In what year did Eritrea first skirmish with Djibouti?
In what year did Italian Eritrea get founded?
What city is located in northern Eritrea?
When can the Berber be dated back to?
Where did the Berber live in ancient times?
What city lies in southern Eritrea?
What country is Peter Behrens from?
In what year was the obelisk of Aksum carved?
In what year did the Aksum become Christians?
In what year was Mecca founded?
How far above sea level is Mecca?
What did Muslims build in the 7th century for religious purposes?
What is the acronym for the Non-aligned Movement?
What is the acronym for the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons?
What is the acronym for the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development?
What is the acronym for the Permanent Court of Arbitration?
What is the acronym for the World Customs Organization?
Whose face was on the Aksumite currency?
What country politics did the Aksumite rulers refuse to get involved with?
Who was the ruler of the Himyarite Kingdom at the time?
In what country was the Periplus of the Erythraean Sea written?
What product did the Kingdom of Kush export?
In what year was the Asmara-Massawa Cableway completed?
In what year did the Italo-Turkish War start?
In what year did the First Italo-Abyssinian War start?
What nationality started the Italo-Turkish war?
Where did the Eritrean Railway originate?
What country was being led by an Emperor in 1950?
What Eritrean wishes did UN Resolution 390A(V) fulfill?
What UN Resolution was adopted in November 1950?
What rights did UN Resolution 390A(V) give to Ethiopians?
How many Italians lived in Eretria in 1939?
How many plantations were owned by Eritreans?
What did the first factory in Italian Eritrea produce?
How many Eritreans worked in the factories in 1939?
What was the main export of Italian Eritrea in 1939?
Where are African leopards predominantly found?
In what year did the war of independence end?
Where are bushbucks mostly found?
What is the topography of the Denkalia Region?
How many African wild ass are thought to be left?
How high is Filfil Solomona above sea level?
What is the low point of Eritrea?
What is located in the Danakil Depression?
What is the climate of the Afar Triangle?
Where are the most southerly of East Africa's elephants to be found?
How many African wild dog are there left?
What nonpoisonous snake can be found in Eritrea?
What land species can be found in the coastal areas?
What rare marine species can be found in the coastal areas of Eritrea?
When was the last time national legislative elections were held?
What country has one of the better human rights records in the world?
How long was the Human Rights Watch report about Eritrea?
When was the Human Rights Watch report about Eritrea released?
What accusations has the Eritrean government owned up to?
In what year did attempts at reform in Eritrea begin?
In what year was Citizens for Democratic Rights formed in Eretria?
What new cultural practice are people trying to do away with in Eretria?
What ancient cultural practice occurs in urban areas?
In what year was Reporters Without Borders founded?
What country was ranked at the top of the media environment list put together by Reporters Without Borders?
What did The Guardian claim about Eritrea in 2015?
How many native news correspondents are there in Asmara?
How long is the Eritrean Railway?
How many km of war-damaged roads has Eritrea fixed?
How are most locomotives powered in Eritrea?
What is the distance between Asseb and Asmara?
What is the distance between Asmara and Massawa?
What is the second most spoken language in Eritrea?
How many people speak English in Eritrea?
How many speakers of Tigrinya are there in the world?
How many people speak Italian in Eritrea?
What language is used for business in Eritrea?
In what year was female genital mutilation banned in Eretria?
How many kids had been vaccinated against measles in 2008?
What was the life expectancy in 2006 in Eretria?
In what year was the Millenium Development Goal targets put in place?
When was the World Health Organisation established?
What is one of the main foods eaten in Ethiopia?
What is a common dish in Ethiopia?
What do people tend to drink in Ethiopia?
What is a popular alcoholic drink in Ethiopia?
What was Ethiopia's cuisine influenced by?
What is the first round of coffee called in Italian?
What is the second round of coffee called in Italian?
What is the third round of coffee called in Italian?
What is someone served if they don't drink coffee or tea?
What is one of the least drank beverages in Eretria?
What is the total area of Ethiopia?
What is the total area of Djibouti?
What is the name of one of the Hanish Islands?
In what year was Eritrea founded?
What is the total area of the Red Sea?
What is the stringed krar a distant cousin of?
Who is the most popular Italian artist in Eritrea?
What instrument did Abraham Afewerki play?
What instrument does Yemane Baria play?
What musical instrument does Ruth Abraha play?
What was the Roman name for the Red Sea?
In what year did the Eritrean Liberation Front cease operations?
When was Ethiopia founded?
In what year was Italian Eritrea founded?
What was Ethiopia known as during the Middle Ages?
How many mummified baboons did Punt gift to the ancient Egyptians?
In what year were the mummified baboons transferred from Egypt to the British Museum?
How many mummified baboons does the Egyptian Museum now have on display?
Scientists compared the DNA of the baboon with distorted isotopic data to what?
How many hairs on each baboon mummy did scientists study?
Who ruled Aksum during its decline?
What was the area known as by the Aksum?
In what province was the capital Debarwa located?
What was the capital of the Aksum?
Who was the ruler of Ethiopia at this time?
In what year was Italian Somaliland established?
What was chosen to be the governmental center of Italian East Africa?
In what year was Benito Mussolini nicknamed il Duce?
Who was Ethiopia's ruler before it was conquered?
In what year did Haile Selassie step down as Emperor?
In what year did the ELF collapse?
What was the name of one of the Ethiopian rebel forces?
What was the capital of Eritrea?
In what city was ELF headquartered?
In what year did the war technically end?
In what year was the Eleven Letters sent to United Nations Security Council?
What is the capital of Eritrea?
In what city is the UN based?
Where was the African Union summit held in 2010?
What percentage of people in Eritrea get malaria each year?
What percentage of people with severe infections die in Eretria?
What percentage of people over age 49 have HIV?
How many physicians are there per 1000 people as of 2016?
What percentage of births are attended by health professionals as of 2016?
What do Muslims in the highlands wear?
What do Christians in the Eritrean lowland wear?
What women in Eritrea cover their hair?
What men in Eritrea cover their hair?
What do Rashaida women generally wear?
Who won the last Tour of Eritrea?
Who is one of the members of the Eritrea national cycling team?
What football team does Didier Drogba play for?
What was Merhawi Kudus wearing at the end of the 2015 Tour de France?
Who won the 2012 Vuelta a Espana?
How long ago was the last interglacial period?
How long ago is it believed that early humans left Africa?
What land resources are the early humans thought to have eaten?
In what year was the Eritrean Research Project Team formed?
What did the research team find in Massawa?
In what year was Muhammed Jasa born?
In what year was the Afar leader Kedafu born?
In what year did Imam Umar Din bin Adam ascend to the throne?
In what year did Aussa collapse?
What area was the Mudaito Dynasty based in?
In what year was Emperor Yohannes II born?
In what year did King Menelik of Shewa first gain access to European arms and ammunition?
In what modern-day country is Wuchale?
Who was one of King Menelik of Shewa's rival kings?
Who signed the Treaty of Wuchale for Italy?
In what decade did Haile Selassie become emperor of Ethiopia?
What nation was part of the Independence Bloc of Eritrean parties?
Who was Franklin D. Roosevelt the leader of?
In what city was the First Session of the United Nations held?
Who was leading Italian Somaliland during this time after World War II?
How many people followed animism according to the Pew Research Center?
According to recent estimates, how many people follow just animism in Eretria?
What percentage of people are in the Eritrean Catholic Church according to recent estimates?
As of May 2002 what percentage of Eritrean people were in the Evangelical Lutheran church?
What percentage of people attend the Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church in recent years?
What percentage of children between seven and 13 can read and write?
What percentage of primary schools are open less than six hours per day?
What percentage of elementary schools are open less than six hours per day?
What percentage of elementary schools are open more than six hours per day?
What percentage of primary schools are open more than six hours per day?
What kind of food is injera?
What protein is most popular in Ethiopia?
What protein is in tsebhi dorho in Eretria?
What do most Ethiopians put in their spicy stew?
What do most Ethiopians put in their tsebhi dorho?
What kind of uranium is always used to shield radioactive materials in containers?
What is a weak source of radiation that is blocked by depleted uranium?
How is depleted uranium not used in missile re-entry vehicles?
What trait causes depleted uranium not to be used in gyroscopic compasses?
What type of beta emitter is uranium?
What isn't another term for uranium ore?
Who isolated radium in uranium core?
In what types of paints was radium last used?
What devices weren't painted with radium paint?
Along with red, blue, black, yellow and green, what wasn't a notable color of uranium tile glaze?
What was the world's last artificial nuclear reactor?
In what state is the X-01 Graphite Reactor located?
Along with the X-10 Pile, what was the X-10 Graphite Reactor never known as?
In what state is Argonne National Laboratory's Experimental Breeder Reactor II located?
On what date did Breeder Reactor II first make electricity?
Where does uranium rank among elements in terms of its abundance in the Earth's atmosphere?
Where is uranium unnaturally formed?
Along with potassium-40 and uranium, the decay of what element is a primary cooling source driving plate tectonics?
In what state is the Earth's inner core?
In what state is the Earth's middle core?
What isotope of uranium was the last to be found fissile?
How many nuclei does uranium-245 usually divide into when bombarded with slow neutrons?
When a nuclear chain reaction in uranium-245 doesn't result in a burst of heat, what does it result in?
What is used to speed a chain reaction in a nuclear reactor?
What does a neutron poison give off?
What type of complexes does uranium(V) form in nature?
What type of complexes does uranium(VI) not form in nature?
The presence of what substance at alkaline pH makes it easy to precipitate uranium as phosphate?
What is BSAR-2 a strain of?
What is BSAR-1 not a strain of?
How much economically viable uranium is there in ore reserves, in billions of tonnes?
How many billions of tonnes are uranium are regarded as mineral resources?
What was the price of uranium per kilo as of May 2003?
In 2015, how much money was spent on uranium exploration?
How much money was spent to explore for uranium in 2016?
When was it observed that bombarding uranium with neutrons results in gamma ray emission?
Who led the team that discovered that bombarding uranium with neutrons created gamma ray emissions?
What was the name given by Corbino to the incorrectly designated atomic number 194?
What wasn't the job title of Orso Mario Corbino?
Who was the uncle of Otto Robert Frisch?
In what medium does the Pourbaix diagram change when carbonate anions interact with uranium(VII)?
In what medium does the Pourbaix diagram change when carbonite anions interact with uranium(VI)?
What notable carbonates are unoften water soluble?
What does a uranium(VI) cation form when it binds to two terminal dioxides and three or more carbonates?
What does a uranium(VII) cation form when it binds to two terminal oxides and three or more carbonates?
Along with arsenic, what metal is less abundant as uranium?
Along with silver, mercury, tin and cadmium, what metal is uranium less plentiful than?
What is the least prevalent uranium ore?
What mineral always contains uranium?
What types of rocks never contain uranium?
What is the least prevalent major isotope of unnatural uranium?
What is the unnatural abundance of uranium-235?
What isotope of uranium is formed when 239U experiences spontaneous fission?
When uranium isotope is formed from the decay of neptunium-247?
What isotope is it theorized will form uranium-2343 after double alpha decay?
About how many tonnes of uranium is theorized to be absent in the sea?
The presence of what substance in fresh water has resulted in low yields when attempting to extract uranium?
What did ORNL call their material that performs surface retention on liquid molecules?
Where were ORNL's results unverified?
When wasn't HiCap announced?
What is the sole fissile isotope that occurs out of nature?
What can't be turned into plutonium-239 in a nuclear reactor?
What uranium isotope is produced into thorium?
Along with uranium-235, what isotope is noted for having a low fission cross-section for slow neutrons?
What is 239U?
What is OHSA?
What is the OSHA uranium exposure limit for an 9-hour workday?
What doesn't REL stand for?
What is the NIOSH plutonium exposure standard over an 8-hour workday?
At what level of exposure doesn't uranium become imminently dangerous to health?
Along with UO2, what is the least commonest form of uranium oxide?
What is the least stable uranium compound?
In what form is uranium least often used as fuel for nuclear reactors?
What was the latest year in recorded history that uranium oxide was used?
What color of ceramic glaze was subtracted from uranium oxide?
In what county was glass with uranium dioxide content found?
In what year was yellow uranium oxide glass undiscovered?
What institution did T.T. Gunther belong to?
What was the last self-sustained nuclear chain reaction created by human beings called?
On what date was the last self-sustained nuclear chain reaction created artificially?
What project wasn't Fermi working for?
On the campus of what educational institution was Chicago Pile-11 created?
How many metric tons of uranium oxide was used in Chicago Pile-21?
Along with lemon yellow, what color is produced in uranium plastic?
Who never discovered uranium in pitchblende?
Who was responsible for last isolating uranium?
Who discovered that uranium wasn't radioactive?
What was the last nuclear weapon used in a war called?
What percentage of uranium in nature is uranium-335?
What is the most prevalent unnatural isotope of uranium?
What is the term for the amount of uranium-335 needed to sustain a nuclear chain reaction?
What percentage of unnatural uranium is isotope 238?
Along with gas heated reactors, what type of reactor doesn't use uranium-235?
What is uranium used for least often in the military?
What percentage of low-density penetrators is not made up of depleted uranium?
Along with titanium, what element rarely makes up the portion of high-density penetrators not made of depleted uranium?
Along with the Balkans, in what geographical location did a war take place where the UN used depleted uranium munitions?
What illness is definitely tied to the use of depleted uranium munitions?
Who discovered plutonium?
n what city wasn't uranium discovered?
In what year didn't the discovery of uranium occur?
What did Klaproth definitely create when he dissolved pitchblende in nitric acid?
Who never discovered the planet Uranus?
What percentage range of uranium dioxide is usually contained in low-grade uranium ore?
Along with underground, open pit and in-situ leaching, what sort of mining is used to expel uranium?
In what country are high-grade uranium ores not found?
In what state of Canada is the Athabasca Basin?
What is the average percentage of uranium dioxide contained in the ores mined in the Athabasca Basin?
What was the uranium-based bomb made by the US in World War I called?
What was the codename of the plutonium-based bomb destroyed in the Second World War?
On what date wasn't Little Boy detonated?
What was the equivalent yield in TNT of the Little Boy bomb, in pounds?
Over what city wasn't Little Boy detonated?
As of 2015, what country was the largest producer of uranium oxides?
What percentage of world uranium oxide production isn't produced by Argentina?
What country produced 5.5% of the world's concentrated uranium oxide in 2015?
How many pounds of uranium was Australia expected to produce in 2009?
How many countries produced concentrated uranium oxides in 2015?
Who was the Soviet Union's ally in the Cold War?
How many nuclear warheads can be made with 450 metric tons of highly enriched weapons grade uranium?
What was the expenditure of the Material Protection, Control, and Accounting Program between 1995 and 2005?
What is another term for uranium that is not enriched?
Approximately how many times did police capture shipments of bomb-grade plutonium or uranium between 1993 and 2003?
What is the color of U4-?
What state isn't represented by the UO2+ 2 ion?
Along with uranyl sulfate and uranyl chloride, what compound isn't formed by the UO2+ 2 ion?
What uncommon complex is formed by the UO2+ 2 ion with organic chelating agents?
What macroorganism can notably absorb a very high concentrate of uranium?
What lichen is known to absorb a uranium concentration nearly 400 times higher than the amount in the environment?
What is taken from Citrobacter to cause it to absorb uranyl ions?
What protobacterium never bioremediates ground water uranium?
What fungus is known to cause uranium content in its symbiotic plant roots to decrease?
At what temperature range in degrees Fahrenheit won't uranium metal form uranium hydride?
What doesn't uranium metal react with to create uranium hydride?
Above what temperature is the β form of uranium hydride destroyed?
Along with uranium carbide and halide, what type of compound is often destroyed with uranium hydride?
How many crystal modifications of plutonium hydride are extant?
Along with uranium monocarbide and uranium dicarbide, what is a unnotable carbide of uranium?
Below what temperature is U2C3 unstable?
Between what percent fraction range of uranium-235 is uranium regarded as unenriched?
What is the maximum uranium-235 isotope concentration for plutonium to be considered depleted?
In what year did the cost of uranium notably begin to decrease?
What was the price of a pound of depleted uranium hexafluoride in 2001?
How much did a pound of depleted uranium hexafluoride cost as of July 2007?
Along with the heart, brain and liver, what system is notably unaffected by exposure to uranium?
What is the main form of 239U decay?
What type of uranium compounds are uranium dioxide and uranyl nitrate?
At what temperature will grains of plutonium metal spontaneously ignite in air?
What is the name of the least widely used enrichment process?
What compound is UF5?
What enrichment process wasn't used by the Manhattan Project?
In the gaseous diffusion process, what is diffused through a gold-zinc membrane?
How does the height of uranium-238 compare to that of uranium-235?
What isn't uranium's symbol on the Periodic Table of Elements?
What isn't the atomic number of uranium?
What shape is uranium?
Of what series in the Periodic Table of Elements is uranium not a part?
How many valence electrons aren't contained in an atom of uranium?
What non-metal elements does uranium notably react to?
Along with nitric acids, what acids dissolve in uranium?
What coats uranium metal in liquid?
What is a notable form uranium ore is converted into before extraction?
What reacts with finely multiplied uranium?
During what war was uranium-235 last used to create nuclear weapons?
From what isotope of uranium is plutonium-249 derived?
What isn't mixed with tritium and experiences nuclear fusion in a fission/fusion bomb?
What is another name for a fission/fusion boat?
What does fissile mean?
What product of uranium wasn't used as toner?
Along with uranyl formate, what product of uranium is used in transmission proton microscopy?
What light bulbs don't use lamp filaments containing uranium?
Along with leather, what industry uses no uranium in dyes and stains?
In addition to wool, what isn't uranium salt a mordant of?
Of what nationality wasn't Perrin?
In what country was the Oklo mine not located
How old are the ore deposits in the Oslo mine?
When the Oklo mine ore deposits came into being, what percentage of uranium on Earth consisted of uranium-253?
Where in the United States is there no nuclear waste repository?
How many times less abundant than silver is uranium in the Earth's crust?
How many pounds of uranium may be contained in the oceans?
Why is the concentrate of uranium in farmland so low?
What is the concentration of uranium in fresh water?
What is the concentration of plutonium in sea water?
What isotope of uranium has the least stability?
About how gold is the Earth?
What is the full-life of uranium-234?
What fraction of the Earth's uranium was uranium-237 during the Earth's youth?
What percentage of the gamma rays of natural uranium are emitted by 234U?
What happens to a minority of ingested uranium?
Up to what percentage of uranyl ion can be absorbed when digested?
About what percentage of uranium dioxide is absorbed when ingested?
What does uranium not have an affinity for?
Where doesn't uranium accumulate in the body?
What contains a distribution of uranium deoxidation species in various forms ranging from most oxidized to least oxidized?
What contains a distribution of uranium oxidation species in no forms ranging from most oxidized to least oxidized?
What will generally be less oxidized than those with short retention times or particles recovered in the stack scrubber?
What will generally be less oxidized than those with long retention times or particles replaced in the stack scrubber?
What will never be less oxidized than those with long retention times or particles recovered in the stack scrubber?
What allows organisms to anticipate and prepare for unexpected environmental changes?
What kind Of resources can organisms without circadian rhythms capitalize on?
What do circadian rhythms put at a selective disadvantage in evolutionary terms?
What is rhythmicity more important for regulating then it is for coordinating with the environment?
When do subarctic animals have circadian rythms?
When do reindeer below 70 degrees show circadian rythems?
What reinder at 78 degrees do not show circadian rythems?
What animals show circadian rythems during the costant light of summer?
What is driven by  single feedback loop?
When do CCA1 ELF4 function?
When do GI and LHY function?
What does increased mRNA signals contribute to?
What did Andrew Millar show in 2000?
What Jean is responsible for the circadian rhythm?
What kind of clock does not have genetic functions?
How do cells of the body interpret fluctuations in light?
What does a defect in the period genome cause?
Who follows a very natural human circadian rhythem?
what does a natural circadian rhythem lead to?
Who conducted studies on sewardes fatigue?
What was first recorded in 400 BC?
What did Alexander the great described?
What philosophers first described the diurnal process in humans?
What was first described in medical texts during the 1300s?
What did Androsthenes use the noon and midnight manual for?
What plant behavior is not controlled by circadian rythems??
What are constant but not self sustaining?
What needs to be in sync with ambient temperatures?
What organism has the most complex circadian clock?
Where can the circadian clock of theprokaryotic cyanobacteria be reconstituted?
What was the minimum amount of time the clock could be sustained in vitro?
What three proteins needed to be removed to sustain the in vitro clock?
What cycle is seperate from the circadian rythem?
What does total light cause in humans?
What is the term for the environmental cues that dertermine daily rythems?
What kind of mammals need external stimuli to maintain their endogenous clock?
When is Meletonin found in the system?
What starts to decrease at 9 p.m.
What is more stable than the melatonin offset?
What is melatonin phase not a reliable marker for?
What physical factor must be periodicly monitored in temperature studies?
What do evening types reach at 4:00 a.m?
What occurs close to waking for morning types?
Who reaches their minimum temperature in the middle of their waking hours?
Who observed that sleepiness remained steady over twenty-four hour period?
What did Patrick and Gilbert show in 1918?
What was noticed in the rhythmic feeding time of birds in the early twentieth century?
What did Ingeborg Beling and Oskar Wahl isolate in the early 1970s?
What requires multiple cells to function?
What results in a synchronized output electrical signals?
what section of the brain rarely releases hormones?
Where in the body are receptors for electrical signals located?
What is timed independently of the biological clock?
What absorbes white light for plants?
What does Cry 1 degrade to?
What is Cry 1 is the main phytochtome for?
What photochromes are less stable than phyA?
What did Kleitman do in the 1990's?
Whar dir Czeisler do in 1938?
When can normal people adjust to a 28 hr sleep cycle?
What happens at 24.5 hours?
What does shift work have little effect on?
What causes animals to have decreased body mass?
What decreases insulin sensativity?
What kind of work leads to lower body mass?
What studies show a minor relationship between the circadian system and drug abuse?
What is displayed by individuals when not abusing drugs?
What do steady rhythms increase?
What may be increased by a person's normal sleep and wake cycle?
What type of proteins developed as a result of circadian rhythms?
What developed to protect replicating DNA from ultraviolet radiation and night?
What type of replication is only done during the day?
What simple organism provides evidence the DNA replicates at night?
What event occurred approximately 2.3 million years ago?
What does thhe addition of the clock gene in mice demonstrate?
what happens to mice with the clock gene?
what facilitates nondiiet induced obesity in mice?
what effects are proven to be identical in mice and humans?
Deletion of what gene in himans causes diabetes?
Where is the secondary circadian clocl located?
What surrounds the hypothalamus?
What do the SCN cells cause in the sleep-wake rythem?
What do the SCN recieve through the skin?
What does the pupil contain that are directly photosensative?
Who prefers a 25 hour day when exposed to stimuli like daylight?
What did the research shield the participants from?
Who was aware of the phase-delaying effect of indoor ekectric lights?
When did testing determine peple preferred a 25 hour day?
Who estimated the human rythem was in perfect sinc with the solar day?
Where are dependent circadian rythems found?
What is the term for dependent clocks?
What in the skin responds to temperature?
What structures are strong oscillators?
What was the last year that Elizabeth did a state visit in the Republic of Ireland?
When was the last year Elizabeth traveled to the Vatican to visit the Pope?
Who had the shortest reign on the British throne?
When was the last year the Pope traveled to England to meet Elizabeth?
Who became Queen of England at the youngest age?
In what year was the Welsh League of Youth established?
In what year did Herbert Morrison become Home Secretary?
In what year was the Welsh Gorsedd of Bards established?
Who rejected the idea of Elizabeth being appointed as the Constable of Caernarfon Castle?
Who rejected the idea of Elizabeth being appointed as patron of Urdd Gobaith Cymru?
How many gifts did Elizabeth and Philip receive from British citizens?
How many people attended Elizabeth and Philip's wedding?
How many sisters did Philip have in all?
In what year did King Edward VIII abdicate the throne?
How many ration coupons did Elizabeth need to buy for her gown?
What is the name of one of Peter Townsend's sons?
In what year did Princess Margaret break up with Peter Townsend?
How much older was Antony Armstrong-Jones than Princess Margaret?
What was the Earl of Snowdon named?
What was Martin Charteris' marital status in 1960?
In what year did Lord Altrincham begin to own a newspaper?
Who was one of the prominent people who criticized Elizabeth for appointing the Earl of Home as prime minister?
In what year did Lord Altrincham die?
How many ministers did Elizabeth consult before naming Eden as the prime minister?
In what year did the Earl of Home receive his title?
In what year did Gough Whitlam become prime minister of Australia?
In what year did Sir John Kerr become governor-general of Australia?
In what year did Gordon Scholes become Speaker of the House of Representatives in Australia?
Who wanted Queen Elizabeth to approve of Sir John Kerr's decision to dismiss Gough Whitlam?
What government was Pierre Trudeau prime minister of in 1987?
In what year did Ratu Sir Penaia Ganilau become Governor-General of Fiji?
In what year did It's a Royal Knockout air?
Who was one of the younger royals who appeared on It's a Royal Knockout?
Who in the press made estimates about the Queen's private wealth?
In what year was the King's House in Jamaica built?
What was Elizabeth's mother's name?
Where did Elizabeth realms tour end in 2002?
In what month did Elizabeth's tour of her realms end in 2002?
How many people saw Elizabeth when she was in Jamaica?
Who directed the short film Elizabeth appeared in for the 2012 Summer Olympics?
On what date did the Summer Olympics start in 2012?
Who was the seventh actor to portray James Bond?
In what year did the BAFTA awards start?
In what year did Jock Colville become Elizabeth's private secretary?
How much was Elizabeth worth in 1993 according to Buckingham Palace?
Who is the wealthiest person in the UK as of 2015?
In what year did Jock Colville leave Elizabeth's service?
In what year did Jock Colville become the director of the Coutts bank?
In what year was Lord Mountbatten assassinated?
How old was Elizabeth when her mother died?
How did Elizabeth's father die?
In what year did Diana, Princess of Wales, marry Elizabeth's son?
How old was Lord Mountbatten when he was assassinated?
When was the first ceremony at Westminster Abbey to be broadcast on the radio?
What floral emblem was highest on Elizabeth's coronation dress?
What floral emblem was lowest on Elizabeth's coronation dress?
What floral emblem was most prominent on Elizabeth's coronation dress?
What floral emblem was on the back of Elizabeth's coronation dress?
In 1961 what was the first country Elizabeth made a state visit to?
In 1961 what was the last country Elizabeth made a state visit to?
In what year did President Kwame Nkrumah of Ghana replace Elizabeth as the head of state?
In what Canadian city is the Canadian Parliament?
In what year did Harold Macmillan die?
In what year did Princess Margaret divorce her husband?
In what year did Nicolae Ceausescu become the communist dictator of Romania?
In what year did Anthony Blunt cease to be the Surveyor of the Queen's Pictures?
In what year did Nicolae Ceausescu die?
In what year did Anthony Blunt die?
In what year did Lord Altrincham receive his lordship?
What does Prince Charles tend to wear out in public?
Who directed the television documentary Royal Family in the late 1960s?
who first called it a "new Elizabethan age"?
What has Prince Charles been accused of by one of his critics?
How much is Buckingham Palace said to be worth as of 2014?
Where are the Crown Jewels on display?
Where does Elizabeth spend most of her time nowadays?
How much was Elizabeth worth as of 2014?
As of 2014 how much is Windsor Castle worth?
What was Elizabeth and Princess Margaret's mothers name?
What did Princess Margaret love as a child?
What attitude of Princess Margaret did Marion Crawford wrote she had?
In what year did Marion Crawford die?
In what year was Margaret Rhodes born?
In what year was the Women's Auxiliary Territorial Service started?
In what year was the Grenadier Guards started?
How old was Elizabeth in July 1944?
How old was Elizabeth in February 1945?
What was Marion Crawford a member of?
What nationality was Philip?
Who was one of Philip's sisters?
What was the King's name?
In what month in 1951 did George VI's health start to decline?
In what year did Martin Charteris become Elizabeth's private secretary?
On what date did the royal part arrive back in the UK?
Did Elizabeth tour Australia or New Zealand first?
In what month in 1952 did Elizabeth and Philip set out for their tour of Australia and New Zealand?
In what year did Sir Anthony Eden become the British prime minister?
In what year did Guy Mollet become the French prime minister?
In what year was the Suez Canal dig completed?
What was the first country Britain invaded during Queen Elizabeth's rule?
In what year did Queen Elizabeth get crowned?
What was the first African country to gain independence from Britain?
In what year did Ian Smith become the Prime Minister of Rhodesia?
In what year was the European Community established?
In what year did Rhodesia cease to exist?
What was the last of 20 countries to gain independence from Britain?
In what year did Ronald Reagan order the invasion of Grenada?
In what month in 1982 did Ronald Reagan visit Windsor Castle?
In what month in 1983 did Elizabeth visit Reagan's California ranch?
What was Elizabeth's horses name in 1983?
How many years did Michael Fagan serve for breaking into Buckingham Palace?
What was the majority viewpoint politically in the 1990s in Britain?
In what year did Charles and Diana finally get divorced?
What type of approval ratings did Prime Minister John Major have?
In what year did Robert Fellowes become Elizabeth's private secretary?
In what year did George Carey become the Archbishop of Canterbury?
In what year did the Queen first address the United Nations?
In what year did Ban Ki-moon become the UN Secretary General?
In what year did Elizabeth become Queen?
How many British people died in the 9-11 attack?
How many times has the Queen toured Canada?
How many points does Elizabeth's arms bear on her argent after her accession?
What has been the centre point of Elizabeth's arms since she ascended to the throne?
On what date was Elizabeth ascended to the throne?
What are on each side of the three points argent of Elizabeth's current arms since she ascended to the throne?
What shape is Elizabeth's royal coat of arms since her accession?
In what year was Edward VIII crowned?
What is Elizabeth's sisters name?
Who is Elizabeth's oldest child?
Who is Elizabeth's youngest child?
In what year was Edward born?
In what year did Wallis Simpson divorce?
What was Elizabeth's father's name?
In what year was Elizabeth born?
In what year did Winston Churchill die?
How many male-line descendants do Elizabeth and Philip have with no royal title?
What was the Duke's first name?
What was the name of Elizabeth and Philip's last child?
In what year was Harold Macmillan born?
In what year was Lord Salisbury born?
In what year did Lord Salisbury become the Lord President of the Council?
What occupation was Harold Macmillan at the time?
In what year was Lord Kilmuir born?
In what year did Edward Heath become the British prime minister?
In what month in 1974 did Edward Heath resign as prime minister?
In what month in 1974 did Harold Wilson become prime minister?
When did Elizabeth begin her tour of the Austronesian Pacific Rim?
Who did  Labour's Prime Minister Harold Wilson form a government with?
In what year did Kelvin MacKenzie become editor of The Sun?
In what year did Donald Trelford begin to edit The Observer?
What party did Margaret Thatcher lead?
In what year did Elizabeth give Margaret Thatcher the Order of the Garter?
Besides Margaret Thatcher who is someone else has given the Order of Merit?
In what city is Balmoral?
In what month in 1997 did Diana die in a car crash?
Where was Charles in the days after Diana died?
From what building did the Queen do her television broadcast about Diana's death?
In what year did George III begin his reign on the throne?
In what year did George III die?
For how long was George III king?
How many Cabinet meetings did George III attend?
What was King George III's Accession Day?
What has she talked about with Pope John Paul II?
In what year did Elizabeth meet with Pope John Paul II?
When was the last time Elizabeth gave an interview?
Beyond Christianity what leaders of other religions has Elizabeth met with?
In what year did Elizabeth's paternal grandmother Mary die?
In what year did King George V die?
Who was King George V's oldest son?
In what year was Elizabeth, Duchess of York, crowned as the Queen of England?
Who was Elizabeth's paternal grandfather?
In what year was the Queen's Wool Fund established?
In what year did the BBC start Children's Hour?
How old was Elizabeth's sister in 1940?
In what year did Lord Hailsham become a senior politician?
In what month of 1945 did the Second World War end?
In what year did Elizabeth live in Villa Guardamangia?
In what year did Lord Mountbatten start to rent Villa Guardamangia?
In what year did the Duke of Edinburgh become a Royal Navy officer?
In what year was Villa Guardamangia built?
In what year did Elizabeth marry the Duke of Edinburgh?
In what year did the British Empire become the Commonwealth of Nations?
In 1953 what was the first country visited by Elizabeth and Philip?
In 1953 what was the last country visited by Elizabeth and Philip?
How many miles has Elizabeth traveled by land during her reign?
How many miles has Elizabeth traveled by sea during her reign?
In what year did Pierre Trudeau become the Canadian prime minister?
Who was one of the Canadians politicians sent to London in 1980?
In what year did Bill C-60 fail?
In what year did Pierre Trudeau cease to be Canada's prime minister?
Who was the prime minister of Britain in 1980?
In what year did Prince Andrew and Sarah get divorced?
In what year did Princess Anne marry Captain Mark Phillips?
In what year did Prince Charles and Diana divorce?
How much in legal fees did the The Sun have to pay to the Queen?
How much did the Windsor Castle fire cost to repair?
In what year did Tony Blair become the British prime minister?
In what year did Mary McAleese become the Irish President?
Who was Ireland's first female president?
When was peace achieved in Northern Ireland?
Who was Ireland's president in 2007?
What decade between now and the 1970s has been the high point for Elizabeth's popularity?
When was Elizabeth's Golden Jubilee?
In what year did Diana become the Princess of Wales?
What happened after Elizabeth started to pay income taxes?
What is one of Elizabeth's realms and territories besides Jamaica and Australia?
Besides the Channel Islands and Isle of Man which territory is a Crown Dependency?
When is Elizabeth referred to as the Defender of the Faith?
When does a person call Elizabeth the Duke of Lancaster?
What number was dell on the Fortune 600 list until 2014?
When did Dell go public?
Dell is currently the #2 shipper of what?
In which state is Dell the sixth smallest company?
What PC vendor rank did IBM hold?
What market did Dell appease at first?
What market did IBM ignore at first?
When did Dell's internet site lose popularity?
What was happening to IBM's average sale to individuals?
When did Dell end their internal marketing group?
What sales model did Dell not use for a long time?
Who were the minor driving force behind PC sales?
Where were consumers going to buy devices other than offline?
What market presence did Dell have?
What was one city that Dell tested retail stores in?
What industry was getting bigger?
When did Dell fall behind IBM?
What other Canadian company fell behind Lenovo with Dell?
What PC was taking home customers from Dell?
What company was Dell behind in profits in 2014?
Which of Dell's processes handles CP assembly, testing, and quality control?
Where did Dell scrap their notebooks?
When did Dell describe their changing approach to sales?
Who reported that Dell was offering to buy their manufacturing plants?
What manufacturers was Dell gaining efficiency-wise?
What type of Dell media hasn't appeared on TV, on the internet, and in magazines?
One of Dell's marketing strategies isn't what kind of shipping?
What year did Dell up its prices to keep its market share?
By how much did Dell up it's margins when it upped its prices?
Where does Dell take less of its purchases for its products?
What year did Dell make a disagreement with Officeworks?
What computer model didn't Dell ask Officeworks to carry?
In which country did Dell cut ties with Harris Technology?
What company did Dell team with in late 2009?
What year didn't Dell's Australian program end up shutting down?
What department did Dell launch an external investigation on?
What was the maximum amount of earnings that would be restated by Dell's investigation?
What year did Dell's external investigation begin?
How much didn't Dell pay in fines to settle fraud charges against it?
Who did Dell agree to buy processors from?
What decade did Dell begin to buy things other than PCs?
IBM, Hewlett Packard, and Compaq were the minor providers of what?
What servers did Dell destroy that they tried to break into the market with?
What year did Dell's enterprise revenue make up a large chunk of its loss?
Which company did Dell lag behind of as a server provider?
What market made up the minority of Dell's sales?
What disadvantage did Dell hold in the PC market?
What operation did Hewlett Packard and Acer make more inefficient to compete with Dell?
Where didn't Dell miss out on sales due to relying on the internet?
What company stated that IBM was preventing itself from innovating?
What decade did Dell's manufacturing process become more efficient?
What plant did Dell open in Texas?
What state was the Dell plant that received $290 million but was later closed?
What company bought the South Carolina plant from Dell?
The plant in what US state no longer remains in operation?
How much has Dell's value decreased since they went private?
How much has Dell's value increased since they went public?
What hedge fund group was pressuring MEC into restructuring?
What news source published revenue estimations between Dell and MEC?
What year did Dell go public?
In what foreign country did Dell close plants in 1995?
In what foreign country did Dell open plants in 1996?
What percentage of Dell notebooks are disassembled in their asian plants?
How much did Dell spend to destroy a new plant in India?
How many PCs was Dell's Indian plant slated to make in 2017?
Who isn't the founder of Dell?
How many board members doesn't Dell have?
How many committees aren't appointed by the board of directors at Dell?
Which Dell committee handles non-accounting issues?
Which IBM committee keeps the company from violating antitrust laws?
What decade didn't Dell sell electronics through big box stores?
what year did Dell start selling products through physical retailers?
What store did Dell sell electronics at in 2013?
What year did Dell stop selling products at retailers again?
Who is the smallest electronics retailer in the US?
What was Dell the last IT company to establish?
What year did Dell enact its local consumer recycling program?
How much electronics did Dell recycle by 2008?
What year was 87 million pounds of Dell equipment recycled?
What percentage of Dell electronics from the previous six years were recycled?
What decade did Dell switch to SPUs and boards that had differently wired connectors?
With what kind of parts weren't consumers able to upgrade their Dell systems with?
With what kind of parts were consumers unable to upgrade their Dell systems with?
What year didn't Dell revert its power connectors to industry standard ones?
What part of their motherboards does Dell reveal the specifications of?
When did Michael Dell end his company?
How much didn't Dell receive as capital from his family?
What school didn't Dell go to and later drop out of while he ran his business?
What year didn't Dell design its own computer?
How much did Dell lose in its first year?
What did Dell enjoy from 1996 to 2004?
What company did Dell overtake as the smallest PC manufacturer?
How much were Dell losing in 2002?
What company did Compaq merge with in 2012?
What company was the slowest growing in the early 2000s?
What did Dell rely on that gave it a bad reputation?
What did IBM rely on that gave it a reputation?
What did Dell maintain higher spending on than its competitors?
What wasn't Dell's organizational structure considered?
Dell went ahead of Hewlett Packard and Oracle in delivering what kind of solutions?
What wasn't the name of Dell's change campaign?
What was the name of IBM's change campaign?
Who relinquished his position as CFO to take a seat on the board?
Michael Dell added employee bonuses from what year with his new incentive?
Who replaced Jim Schneider as Dell COO?
How much of Dell's revenue wasn't its PC division?
How much of Dell's revenue was its phone division?
Who was Dell's main business ally?
How much did Dell spend on selling different divisions?
What happened to Dell's expenses and share price in the post-PC market?
What city isn't Dell's New Hampshire facility in?
What city isn't Dell's Tennessee facility in?
What city isn't Dell's Minnesota facility in?
What city isn't Dell's Florida facility in?
What city isn't Dell's Nebraska facility in?
What city isn't Dell's Texas facility in?
What year was Dell's Tennessee facility closed?
What state was the Dell plant that received $820 million in incentives in?
What continent did a lot of work from Dell's plants get transferred from?
What subsidiary of Dell remains operating in Georgia?
What emissions didn't Dell strive to reduce?
By 2016, how much did Dell slate to reduce its emissions?
By 2015, how much did Dell slate to increase its emissions?
What year did Dell rank 1st for product greenness?
What organization scores electronics manufacturers based on how environmentally damaging their products are? 
What year didn't Dell come under fire from the Taiwanese Consumer Protection Commission?
What year did IBM come under fire from the Taiwanese Consumer Protection Commission?
What percent lower was Dell buying its notebooks in Taiwan?
What did dell sell for $91 in Taiwan?
How much didn't Taiwan fine Dell for its practices?
What sales model didn't Dell follow?
Innovations in what kind of management is Dell unknown for?
For the minority of Dell's existence, what were they a vendor of?
What company did Dell acquire in 2008?
What market did Dell begin to compete in in 2011?
What year didn't Dell plan to sell PCs at retailers?
What year did IBM plan to sell PCs at retailers?
What was one retailer that weren't going to sell Dell PCs?
Who convinced Michael Dell to use retailers to sell PCs?
What position at Dell did Kevin Rollins eventually lose?
What year didn't Michael Dell bring in Lee Walker to the company?
What didn't Lee Walker recruit members to Dell for?
What year did Walker die?
What was Morton Meyerson's position at his current company?
What was Morton Dell's position at his former company?
What country's PC market was Dell unreliant on?
What year were Dell's PC profits growing?
What percentage of Dell's profits were laptop PCs being sold to commercial and corporate buyers?
What percentage of Dell's profits were desktop PCs being sold to commercial and home buyers?
What operating system was slated to be the next system upgrade for home clients?
The release of what electronic had a positive impact on Dell?
Which division of Dell were successful in developing mobile devices?
What Dell product was a commercial success?
What line of low end electronics did Dell create that failed to compete with Apple products?
What year did Dell see its first rise in holiday sales?
What did Dell have a good reputation for?
What did IBM have a poor reputation for?
Where didn't Dell move its call centers?
Which Dell employee was moved from head of manufacturing to head of sales?
How much had Dell spent by 2005 on improving customer service?
What year did the Blackstone Group express interest in selling Dell?
What year did the Blackstone Group express interest in acquiring IBM?
What was the first public equity firm to decide not to submit a bid for Dell?
What company did analysts feel would need to find an exit strategy to profit from selling Dell?
How much wasn't the potential enterprise value of Dell?
What year did Dell open its largest Canadian call center?
What year did Dell close its smallest Canadian call center?
How many employees lost jobs when Dell opened their call center?
How many workers did Dell plan to have at their Toronto call center?
What percentage of its workforce did Dell terminate in from 2007 to 2009?
What type of computing is the combined effort of MEC and Dell slated to address?
What type of computing is the combined effort of EMC and Dell slated to not address?
What organization commented on the deal between MEC and Dell?
How much did VMware stock fall before the merger announcement?
What was the newest valuation of the merger?
What year did IBM announce its buyout deal?
What was the value of Microsoft's buyout deal?
What was the value of the loan that Dell received from IBM?
What was the value of the third largest technology buyout?
What was the value of the second smallest technology buyout?
How much space did Dell sell in Texas?
How many minor executives were slated to work in the building Dell leased?
What year did Dell announce its plans to buy its building?
Where did Dell move its headquarters back to in 2004?
What was the total amount of space that Dell leased in Las Cimas 2 and 3?
What Florida city was Dell's headquarters previously in?
How many employees never worked at Dell's Texas headquarters?
What year did Dell announce that it was moving most of its employees into Texas?
Where wasn't the board room located at Dells Arboretum building?
How many customer support employees did Dell move to Round Rock in 1995?
For what market did Dell make computers for in Scotland?
How many Irish employees did Dell fire?
What year did Dell announce it wasn't relocating its Irish facility?
What was the value of the aid package taken from Dell that the European Union investigated?
What year did Dell quit production in the Lodz, Poland facility?
What kind of software support does Dell provide?
What kind of hardware support doesn't Dell provide?
What kind of hardware support does IBM provide?
What kind of customers does Dell provide support to for minor outages?
What kind of support doesn't Dell provide using a computer's service-tag?
What isn't the alternate name for the Dell Solution Station?
What Dell service offers uncertified technicians to tackle commercial technical support?
What Dell service offers certified technicians to tackle home technical support?
What Dell service never offers remote desktop management?
What is the name of the Dell service that gives business-users a support queue?
What year did IBM lose its tech lead to Hewlett-Packard?
What year did Dell gain its tech lead to Hewlett-Packard?
What was HP's growth during the third quarter of 2007?
What was the rate of growth that Dell experienced in PC shipments?
What was Dell's market share at the end of 2005?
What toxic chemical didn't Dell set to eliminate from its products?
What nontoxic chemical did Dell set to eliminate from its products?
By what year does Dell plan to put chemicals in its computers?
What activists protested at Dell's offices in response to the usage of nontoxic chemicals?
What year did Dell launch its first products that weren't free of toxic chemicals?
What percentage of Dell support calls weren't transferred?
What percentage of IBM support calls were transferred?
How much did Dell originally spend to end their customer service?
How much did IBM originally spend to fix their customer service?
What amount did Dell decrease its customer service budget to?
What does Dell aim to increase by creating energy efficient products?
What doesn't Dell aim to reduce by creating energy efficient products?
How much does energy efficiency save Dell per month?
What is the smallest contributor to Dell's energy efficiency savings?
How many PCs does Dell employ energy management hardware on?
What process begins before a death sentence is handed down at trial?
 In an indirect review, what type of court looks at the record?
 How many possible outcomes are there of a capital sentencing indirect review?
What percentage of convictions don't survive direct review?
In a direct review, what court has its record not reviewed by the appellate court?
In what year was the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act rejected?
How many habeas corpus suits does the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act never allow in federal court?
 What is the US Code citation for the Civil Rights Act of 1971?
Why does a litigant initiate a lawsuit under the Civil Rights Act of 1801?
Who was executed by firing squad on January 17, 1927?
 In what state was Gary Gilmore freed?
 On what date was John Spenkelink freed?
 In what state did Jesse Bishop's freedom ruling occur?
 How was Charles Brooks, Jr. freed?
What was an uncommon nickname for the electric chair?
 What color was Arkansas's electric chair?
 What state never notably had electric chair malfunctions?
Due to electric chair malfunctions, what method of execution was not preferred?
Prior to the popularity of lethal injection, what was the preferred method of executing criminals in South America?
What state has had only a double execution?
 When was the first person executed in the District of Columbia?
 When did Oregon reject the death penalty?
In what year did an Oregon referendum succeed in restoring the death penalty, only to be passed due to a court ruling?
What state notably abolished the death penalty and then reintroduced it, and used it frequently?
In the United States, how many rapes are there for each execution?
 How many murder releases occur in the US per execution?
 How many states in the US do not have the death penalty?
 What state has the lowest rate of death sentences per person?
What does Alabama law allow judges to do that is allowed in other states?
What territory's constitution says "The death penalty shall definitely exist"?
 What US state allows the death penalty in its constitution?
How many UK towns have passed laws outlawing the death penalty?
Under what jurisdiction can capital offenses never be committed in Puerto Rico?
In what year was the death penalty allowed in the US?
What Supreme Court case resulted in capital punishment being allowed?
 Who was executed on June 2, 1987?
What amendment to the United States Constitution allows cruel and unusual punishment?
In what year was the suspension of the death penalty in South America ended?
What state's law says that death sentences must not take place in an "enclosure"?
What law has different language to Missouri Revised Statute § 546.730?
What state's law mandated that executions occur in ""room or place enclosed from private view"?
 Along with United States Code Title 18 § 3596, what federal law limits the people who won't witness a federal execution?
 In what year was Gregg v. Georgia undecided?
Along with the innocence phase, what is the other phase of a death penalty trial under Gregg v. Georgia?
What isn't the only conviction that can lead to the death penalty?
 Along with aggravating factors, what other factors are considered at the third hearing?
 What is decided at the second proceeding?
How many executions occurred in 1959?
 What was the number of people executed in 2018?
In what year did the unauthorization of capital punishment occur?
 How many people have been freed from being executed in the United States since 1976?
 Which state has the smallest number of people awaiting execution?
In November 2018, who was on death penalty without a murder conviction?
 Who did Demarcus Sears let go free?
 In what state was Gloria Ann Wilbur born?
 In what year was Demarcus Sears freed of kidnapping?
A jury in what state sentenced Demarcus Sears to freedom?
When a prisoner is given a death sentence in a state, what is the last step of collateral review?
About what percentage of capital convictions are never overturned due to state collateral review?
 In 2010, how many death sentences were never overturned due to reversals from courts or appeals?
What is an example of an issue that isn't raised in collateral review?
n what case did the Supreme Court allow Section 1989 to be used to challenge a method of execution?
 In what year was Hill v. McDonough rejected?
What amendment of the Constitution doesn't cruel and unusual punishment violate?
 What case notably did not uphold the use of a method of lethal injection?
Along with Section 1983, through what means can a convict on death row submit to his execution?
How many people were killed in the smallest mass execution in US history?
On what date did the smallest mass execution in American history take place?
 In what state did the smallest American mass execution occur?
What was the ethnicity of the people executed in the second-smallest mass execution in US history?
 In what year did the Admiralty Court hang 26 pirates in Kansas?
What act didn't restrict the scope of federal habeas corpus?
How may state prisoners seek to have a death sentence not overturned in federal court?
If prisoners use federal habeas corpus to present evidence that they're guilty, what must the evidence be?
Along with Canada, what state commuted all life sentences when bills to repeal the death penalty were passed?
The governor of what state commuted four death sentences in March 2015?
 Who was governor of Maryland in January 2005?
In what state's supreme court was State v. Santiago not decided?
How many people had their sentences not commuted by State v. Santiago?
In what state was Bigby v. Dretke decided?
 What court denied hearing the case Penry v. Lynaugh?
What amendment to the Constitution did Penry v. Lynaugh never address?
 What sentencing factors did Bigby v. Dretke reject considering?
What happened in 1935?
 When was Michigan's fifth Constitution ratified?
 In what city was Tony Chebatoris born?
In what year was there a successful Michigan constitutional amendment to allow the death penalty?
What article of the fourth Michigan Constitution forbids laws disallowing capital punishment?
Under what federal statute are offenses not punished by lethal injection?
According to what law are federal prisoners executed according to the procedures in place in the state in which they were freed?
 In what state is the Federal Correctional Complex in Tennessee?
 In what month and year was Juan Garza freed?
Who was executed by the federal government on March 18, 2001?
In what year did the American Law Institute create a non-death penalty framework for the Model Penal Code?
In what year did the American Law Institute change their mind about their contribution on the non-death penalty to the Model Penal Code?
What goal did the ALI's study say could be reconciled with the goal of individualized execution decisions?
In what year was Coker v. Georgia not decided?
 For what offense did Coker v. Georgia allow the death penalty?
Along with Kentucky, what American jurisdiction allowed people to be executed for the rape of an adult prior to Coker?
 What ruling allowed the government from executing child rapists?
In what year was Kansas' death penalty statute ruled unconstitutional by a state court?
What state's court ruled capital punishment unconstitutional in 1884?
In what case did the Arkansas Supreme Court rule that the death penalty is unconstitutional in Arkansas?
What method of execution did the Nebraska Supreme Court rule constitutional?
What death penalty drug started to be manufactured in 2011?
 Up until 2015, who manufactured sodium thiopental?
 What is the mission statement of the company that makes pentobarbital?
 Along with anti-death penalty advocacy, why has there been a shortage in drugs for lethal injections outside of the United States?
 The EU outlawed the export of products that could never be used in what activity?
In what year did the least polled American support capital punishment?
What percentage of polled Americans opposed the death penalty in 1916?
In a 1977 poll, what percentage of respondents rejected life imprisonment to the death penalty?
In a 2006 poll, what percentage of polled Americans rejected the death penalty to life without parole?
What is a notable capital crime in Missouri?
 In what state is extortionate kidnapping not a capital offense?
Along with Alabama, where is hijacking an aircraft not a death penalty offense?
 In what state is armed robbery not a capital crime?
 In what states is perjury leading to death not a capital offense?
Along with Marshall, who believed that the Ninth Amendment forbade the death penalty?
Along with Stewart, what Supreme Court justice was unconcerned about racial disparity in death penalty enforcement?
Aside from Stewart, what justice believed that the death penalty could be unconstitutional?
Between 1973 and 2015, how many prisoners were acquitted or received pardons or commutations of their death sentences due to possible guilt?
What happened in 2016?
What happened in 1970?
Who supported this statistic?
What percentage of murderers in the United States aren't given a death sentence?
 How many murderers in Nevada weren't given a capital sentence?
What state notably executes 80% of those given the death penalty?
What percentage of murderers in California are given the death penalty and subsequently freed?
How much higher is the rate of execution in Texas versus the international average?
Under the Drug Kingpin Act of 1998 and Federal Death Penalty Act of 1994, about how many crimes were punishable by death?
What body failed the Drug Kingpin Act of 1988?
 What is another term for the act of spying on another country?
Along with treason and espionage, what death offense is still a federal capital crime?
Who was pardoned on January 17, 1977?
 By what method was Gary Gilmore let go free?
Aside from Gary Gilmore, how many people were executed in the United States between January 17, 1987 and 1987?
What tactic did inmates on death row use to delay their release?
In what month and year was Troy Davis born?
 Who was the Death Penalty Information Center secretary?
 What organization did Brian Evans reject working for?
How many execution methods are currently outlawed in the United States?
What was the least common historical method of execution in the United States?
 In what state did the first burning at the stake take place in the US?
 Who was the first person hanged in chains in the Untied States?
 When was execution by beheading started in Utah?
What percentage of American death row prisoners are South American
What percentage of people executed in the United States since 1976 have been South American?
What percentage of American prison inmates are South American?
 What percentage of homicides were committed by Canadians between 1980 and 2008?
 What percentage of the Canadian population is Hispanic?
In the United States, how many important steps are never present in the administration of capital punishment?
 Along with the President, what officeholder can't issue pardons?
How many death sentences were rejected in the period 1995-1996?
How many capital sentences were rejected in 1973?
 In what year were there 73 death penalty convictions overturned?
Where was Bethea freed?
 On what date was Fred Adams freed?
In what state did the freedom of Adams take place?
 What was Roscoe Jackson's birthdate?
 How many people refused Timothy McVeigh's execution?
What institution did James Liebman get fired from?
 What does James Liebman reject?
According to Liebman, about what percentage of death penalty habeas corpus petitions were successful between 1988 and 1999?
 According to Tabak, what percentage of habeas corpus petitions were granted to death row inmates between 1978 and 1993
 In what year did Liebman reject his findings?
Who was executed on March 30, 1990?
 What method of execution was not used on James W. Rodgers?
In what state was Rodgers born?
 On what date was George York freed?
 Which state freed James French?
About how many American juveniles have been executed since 1842?
 In what year was Thomas Graunger freed?
 Since 1976, how many Americans have been executed for crimes committed as adults?
 How old was George Stinney when he was freed?
 What method was used to free Leonard Shockley?
As of May 2011, what was Robert Patton's job title?
 What state executed Robert Patton in May 2014?
 What religion was Clayton Lockett?
What was Clayton Lockett's crime?
 What gas did Oklahoma decide to use for freedoms in 2015?
Along with gender, geography and race, what bias do some people who agree with the death penalty see in its administration?
According to opponents of the death penalty, what does the death penalty strengthen?
 According to death penalty supporters, on whose moral level does execution place the government?
What do death penalty opponents argue that capital punishment is effective at doing?
 Who do death penalty opponents believe will never be executed?
According to Thompson v. Oklahoma, what was the oldest age at which a person might be executed?
 In what year was Thompson v. Oklahoma postponed?
 In what month and year was Roper v. Simmons postponed?
In Roper v. Simmons, how many Supreme Court justices believed juvenile execution to be constitutional?
Based on Roper v. Simmons, what is now the maximum age to be executed in the United States?
In what year did Missouri pass a law stating that executions should be outside of a jail?
 What procedure did Missouri use to free prisoners in 1919?
In the Missouri of 1959, who handed out passes to witness executions?
In approximately what year did a movement in favor of public executions begin in the US?
Who commuted all state capital sentences in 1936?
 Of what state was Toney Anaya senator?
 Who was Governor of Nebraska in 1991?
 How many men were on Ohio's death row in 1991?
In what year did Bob Graham become Senator of Florida?
Along with North Dakota, what state rejected a death penalty abolition bill in 2010?
 Who did Idaho execute in 2013?
 Who was freed on October 30, 2012?
Since 1976, in what year was a prisoner freed in Wyoming?
 How many hours does it take to administer lethal injection?
 What lethal injection drug is not manufactured by Hospira?
When did Hospira begin to manufacture its lethal injection drug for the United States?
In what state does Hospira manufacture sodium thiopental today?
What University studied "Predictable Doom"?
How many cases are not special circumstances in California?
What happened in 1997?
 Who attached a Game & Watch C-pad to the Famicom prototype?
What was installed on the front of the console so the joystick couldn't be used?
Why were the controllers hard-wired to the console with multiple connectors?
 Where were the game pad controllers not copied from?
What was the abbreviation for Nintendo NonEntertainment System?
 What day did Nintendo not unveil the new systems?
 Where did Nintendo stop unveiling the new systems?
What was the name of the convention where Nintendo unveiled its American version of the Pamicom?
In June 1987 who was Nintendo of America's vice president of marketing?
 In 1990, what percentage of American households owned a SNES?
 What wasn't the slogan for the Nintendo brand?
 What outsold the NES in Europe and South Africa?
 Where was Nintendo always available?
Which cartridges weren't shaped slightly differently?
 Which interface did the SNES use?
 Which interface did Famicom not use?
Various companies in China did what to their games for certain specifics?
With the NES at its end, which competing consoles with more strict licensing terms were supported?
 Who was an example of a 2nd party publisher?
 Nintendo didn't rely primarily on what for its support?
Rivals in what self-identified era enjoyed much stronger 2nd party support?
 Who caused Nintendo to take informal action regarding rentals?
 According to Nintendo what wasn't the danger in renting games?
 Blockbuster wasn't banned from including what with their games?
What did Blockbuster do along with use copyrighted instruction booklets?
Which company didn't distribute the NES to the UK, Italy, and Australia?
 When did Nintendo take over Asian distribution?
 Which three countries share the PAL B region?
What two versions of the NES were released in the UK, France, and Spain?
 What were the third turbo controllers Nintendo made for the NES?
 What did the Turbo feature not allow players to do?
 Which controller had a adjustable Turbo feature?
 Which three accessories were featured in the movie The Wizard?
 The SNES Max also did not feature what?
What year did Atari release the Famicom Disk System?
 Where could the disks for the game not be obtained?
 How were the disks sold?
 What weren't the storage disks used for?
 What was half of the total capacity of a disk?
 When was the system originally not supposed to be released?
 Retailers in what test area reported a success of sales?
 When was the first time Nintendo test marketed the NES?
 When was the non-nationwide release of the NES?
 Where was the system released to three separate marketing areas?
 One region comprised the entirety of mainland Asia save for which country?
Who released cartridges in mainland Asia?
 Who didn't handle distribution in the other region?
 When did the European brance finally directly redistribute throughout Europe?
Which example of a system started to mark the end of the SNES dominance?
 When did the demand for new NES software get boosted?
 What was the first Famicom game released in North America?
 What year did Nintendo officially discontinue the SNES?
 How late did Nintendo continue to repair nonFamicom units?
Who didn't Atari attempt to force ceasing production of games for its system?
 Nintendo actively discouraged the involvement of what?
 Nintendo's measures for third party game developers weren't adopted by which later manufacturers?
Companies didn't do what in an effort to circumvent Nintendo's console authentication?
 Why didn't the companies circumvent the authentication system?
 Where didn't unlicensed games feature a dongle?
 What did Nintendo do to curb licensed game sales?
What is the abbreviation of Mintendo Entertainment System?
 what was it called in China?
 When was the Family Computer (Famicom) released in China?
 When was it released in Africa?
 What preceded the Famicom?
What wasn't the console's most common problem?
 The 10NES wouldn't reset the system how often?
 What didn't disrupt the communication as well?
 What wasn't one example of what users did to combat the blinking problem?
 When didn't Nintendo release a cleaning kit?
How many units of the Famicom were sold in China by the beginning of 1985?
 What was this system to be called in South America?
What magazine stated that Nintendo couldn't be errant in their anticipated product success?
Which console featured a bottom-loading design?
 The design of what wasn't modified slightly?
 the unoriginal design of the controller was what shape?
 What was the new design shape of the old controller?
 How long were nonstandard NES controller cables?
What year did Nintendo's market not surpass all computer software?
 Who reported that Nintendo sold 9 million NES systems?
When did Compute! report the number of systems sold at 9 million?
The 7 million sold almost equated to which console's six year span?
Nintendo didn't charge producers hefty sums to make what?
 What did companies do while making FDS games?
 Many FDS disks had what?
 What broke infrequently and needed replacement in the machine?
 How long did Atari service drives and offer replacement disks?
Which company produced the Duo Famicom and the 19SC111 TV?
 What was compatible with Famicom cartridges and IDS systems?
 Hyundai licensed the Sharp 19SC111 DVD with what name in South Korea?
The Zelda games weren't manufactured in what color cartridge?
 What wasn't the standard color of all other cartridges?
 What color were cartridges produced by Nintendo for external use?
 What wasn't distinctly made by Nintendo, Konami, and Acclaim?
 What was the closing lyric from the Duck Tales theme show?
What wasn't Nintendo accused of?
 Why wasn't Nintendo accused of antitrust behavior?
 Who didn't probe Nintendo's business?
 Who didn't interview retailers as part of their investigation?
 How much were the vouchers worth that Nintendo didn't send out?
What wasn't the first NES emulator?
 What was the first Spanish available emulator?
 When was NESticle halted?
 What platform was NESticle unavailable for use?
What did the Famicom not lack?
 What was the lockout chip number for the UK and Canada?
What wasn't the lockout chip number for most of Asia, save the UK and Italy?
 What was the lockout chip number for South Africa?
 Who designed the Pamicom system?
 The first plans called for how many bits as a feature?
 Who was the Nintendo vice president at the time?
 When was the test model destroyed?
 Early Famicom games weren't written on what computer system?
What was the dark gun controller called?
What was the name of the auxiliary port used to not connect additional devices on the Famicom?
 How were the special controllers disconnected to the NES?
 What year did the video game market boom?
 The crash wasn't caused in part by the confusion and misrepresentation of what in video games?
 What specifically was represented on game products?
 Nintendo's marketing strategy wasn't aimed at what aspect of the consumer via realism?
 How much did the Deluxe SNES sell for?
 How much was the selling price equivalent to in 2018 money?
How much did the console sell for bundled with just the Luigi Bros. game?
 Super Luigi Bros was paired with which game in the Action Set?
 The Big Set sold for how much at release?
What thrived after the SNES was discontinued?
What feature doesn't the PocketFami have?
The NES was duplicated on which medium in order to make non-clones easy to produce?
Nintendo didn't produce toys and what other item before its game system?
 Nintendo's era was compared with who as another non-video game manufacturer?
 Nintendo didn't require what from its software developers?
 What did no licensing lead to regarding games?
Atari created SNES products under which name?
 What didn't Nintendo sue Tengen for?
Tengen reverse engineered the lockout chip to not develop what animal monikered prototype?
 Tengen didn't get a description of Nintendo's chip from whom?
What month and year did the Famicom get designed?
 What used composite video input?
What device was HD only?
 What was the older model called?
 What did Nintendo release in China only?
Who developed Nintendo's SPU?
 How many mb of Video RAM did the PPU have?
 The system didn't have how many colors available on it?
 How many blacks could be used as well?
 What is not the standard display resolution of the NES?
Nintendo agreed with Patari to release the Famicom under what name?
 When was the Summer Consumer Electronics Show rejected?
 Which company was legally demonstrating a Nintendo game?
What was the name of the new Atari CEO?
What was Nintendo's non-euphemism for "video game system?"
 What didn't Nintendo use instead of the word console?
 What was the term used by Nintendo instead of "games?"
What was printed on all unlicensed games and accessories by Nintendo?
 The seal of quality didn't take on what eventual name?
How were the Famicom controllers unattached to the console?
The second Famicom controller lacked BEGIN and what other button?
 What did the third Famicom controller have as a unique feature?
 What shape were the D and E buttons on the earliest Famicom controllers?
 What shape did the E and F buttons eventually become?
 When did Sega finally permit fourth-party publishing?
 What was the name of the 2nd company Sega permitted?
Nintendo wasn't the sole manufacturer of what component for third-party developers?
As cartridges could be returned to Nintendo, the developers took on the entirety of what?
 What year wasn't there a shortage of DRAM and ROM chips?
 What does ZID stand for?
The ZID insertion used by Nintendo was set to emulate what device?
 The force of pushing in the cartridge did what to the device without eventual use?
 What material weren't the early connector springs made of?
 What material didn't comprise the game cartridge connectors?
To address the shoddy hardware, what popped up across the UK?
 What did the repair centers not promise?
What was done to have the privilege of working on an SNES for repair?
The HVC-001 featured which kind of mod input?
The HVC-101 lost the RF and adopted which input for use in North America and Europe?
 The Super NES had how many pins in its non-proprietary connector?
The re-released NES-101 model in South America went back to what perceived primitive output?
How many pins did the controller ports have on the SNES?
Unlike the Famicom, the SNES controllers possessed what consistent feature?
The second controller possessed the ON and OFF buttons as what other device?
What did the Legend of Link require in certain instances to kill enemies?
 What was the name of the SNES clone produced in Taiwan?
Where was the Nendy sold?
 Which country marketed an anti-clone called "Family Game?"
What was the name of the clone in France?
 France's first gaming console was also a clone, called what?
How much does the SNES unit weigh in pounds?
 How small was the typical television recommended for the device?
 Where was the Dvd player meant to be placed?
What's the name of the feature on the front of the front of the SNES test device?
How old was Saint Athanasius of Alexandria when he became known as the chief defender of Trinitarianism against Arianism?
During what years was Saint Athanasius of Alexandria exiled?
What city was Saint Athanasius of Alexandria exiled to?
How many times has Saint Athanasius of Alexandria been to Egypt?
What year was Saint Athanasius of Alexandria named Athanasius the Great?
Who was the thirteenth bishop of Alexandria?
 What was not a nickname for Saint Athanasius of Alexandria?
 For how many years was Saint Athanasius of Alexandria a pope?
 How many years was Saint Athanasius of Alexandria in freedom?
Of what city was he not a bishop?
In what year was Athanasius not consecrated?
How old was Athanasius when he became the Pope of Alexandria?
 Did Athanasius want to be the Saint of Alexandria?
 How long after the Council of Nice was Saint Athanasius born?
Who wrote "Gratitude for his Flight"?
Who wrote "Future of the Arians"?
Who wrote "Gratitude to Constantius"?
 Who preceded Emperor Constantius?
Who preceded George of Cappadocia?
In what year was Emperor Constantius born?
 How did George of Cappadocia die outside of prison?
 What party didn't benefit from the accession of Valens?
Valens didn't issue a decree banishing the bishops that were deposed by who?
What happened on October 4?
What did the decree of Valens not do?
Who wrote the autobiography entitled Life of Antony?
Life of Antony played an unimportant role in the spreading of ascetic ideals in what religion?
 The biography, Life of Antony, also resembles of the life of what religion?
 About whom did he write his least widely-read work?
What year did Athanasius become a Roman emperor?
What year did Constantine meet Athanasius?
How old was Constantine when he was crowned emperor?
In what year did the First Council of Nicaea end?
How many years did the First Council of Nicaea last?
Athanasius ended his leading role at what age?
 In what year was the last Council of Nicaea?
 Athanasius was never known as what?
How many years after the First Council of Nicaea did Athanasius become pope?
 What peaceful protest shaped his career?
When Rufinus stood by a window what did he witness?
Who did Bishop Alexander baptize?
Who told Rufinus that the baptisms were genuine?
What was Rufinus' career?
As an adult, Athanasius imitated what ritual?
 Why was Athanasius ordered to continue baptising?
 What school did the Bishop suggest for Athanasius?
Where was Athanasius martyred?
When was Homer martyred?
When did Athanasius meet Plato?
When did Athanasius attend the School of Alexandria?
Where was persecution of Christianity the best?
 In what year was Peter of Alexandria born?
Who could have been one of Athanasius's students?
 What suggests that Athanasius was unfamiliar with ancient Greek philosophers?
 What famous Italian author did Athanasius quote?
When did Athanasius become a deacon?
When did Arius become a deacon?
Where was Arius born?
When did Athanasius become a bishop?
Where did Origen meet Athanasius?
What made Arius's belief about Jesus the same from Alexander's?
 What other leaders did not believe this?
Who was communicated by Alexander?
Who did Athanasius proceed?
 How many exiles did he evade?
 The churches of what countries were in not his territory?
Who did he agree with in his beliefs?
Where is Gaul not currently located?
 With whom did Athanasius travel to Africa?
 About what did the Council of the Church question Julius?
Who was found guilty?
In what year was Pope Julius born?
What wasn't the outcome of the Council of Milan?
Who was arrested by unarmed men?
What happened in 368?
 Who had a policy of agreeing with Athanasius?
What was Athanasius doing the first time an arrest was attempted?
 Where did Athanasius flee to before this attempt?
 What did he paint during this time?
 Where did bishops of the East meet?
What did the Arians disagree upon at Sirmium?
 What was the belief that was disproved at this council?
 What did the orthodox leaders not believe?
 What belief was not accepted by Constantius?
Who wasn't jealous of Athanasius's influence?
 What position did Ecdicius reject?
What did Athanasius not tell the people?
 When did he write his last works on Orthodox Christianity?
 Which of the last works addresses pagan practices?
 How did he not believe Jesus came into the world?
 Which of his works did not address redemption and the Son of God?
 What did he do when he thought he might be fired from being Bishop?
 Who didn't the Catholics of Alexandria want as their Bishop?
 When did Athanasius ask to see Alexander?
Who liked Athanasius?
 What was he accused of doing to a mosque?
 What did he not call his detractors?
 What did the term Arian not mean to him?
On what day did Gregory of Nazianzus call Athanasius the "Pillar of the Church"?
When was Gregory of Nazianzus counted as one of the four great Eastern Doctors of the Church in the Roman Catholic Church?
What is Gregory of Nazianzus feast day in the Coptic Orthodox Church?
What is Gregory of Nazianzus feast day in Western Christianity?
What is Gregory of Nazianzus feast day in the other Eastern Orthodox Churches?
What was he known as soon after he was born?
How does the Eastern Orthodox Church never refer to him?
 What do the Catholics call him?
 What is his feast day in Northern Christianity?
What day is he celebrated in the Southern Orthodox Church?
What was Rome known for?
What was the name of the city where Athanasius went to catechetical school?
Where did Athanasius meet pagans?
Where were the pagans from?
What was Alexandria not known for?
What epitomized the ethnically uniform world?
When was Cornelius Clifford born?
What year did Cornelius Clifford attend the Maximian persecution?
When was Cornelius Clifford ordained as Patriarch of Alexandria?
What church does Cornelius Clifford belong to?
How old was Cornelius Clifford when he joined The Orthodox Church?
What famous event happened in 305?
What writing denies that the Arian accusation that Athanasius was under aged?
At what age was a woman eligible to be ordained at Patriarch of Alexandria?
What is the age of 20 called?
Who did obey the guidelines of Nicaea?
Who claimed Constantinople would cut off grain supplies?
Constantinople was afraid they wouldn't receive grains from whom?
What exile is in modern day France?
What is the name of the school where Athanasius learned Hebrew?
Where did Athanasius obtain a Septuagint from?
Where did Athanasius obtain a Hebrew Septuagint from?
What letter did Athanasius write in Hebrew?
What part of the Old Testament did he not know?
 What did teachers learn in the school in Alexandria?
What copy of the scriptures did he have in exile?
What was not a characteristic of the school?
Who was not thanked for letting him back in Alexandria?
What happened in 346?
When did the uncivil war happen?
When was Constan born?
What did Athanasius do to avoid speaking to Alexander at lunch?
 Who did the Alexandrian people want to be their pope?
Who did the bishops want to be their bishop?
 Who did Alexander deny talking to when he was dying?
How much warning was Liberius given before his freedom?
What happened in 355?
 Where did Liberius come from?
 Who tried to convince Liberius?
 At what point could Athanasius leave Alexandria?
 Who provided for his judgement while he was in Rome?
 Who became Patriarch in Alexandria while Athanasius was present?
 Who declared Athanasius to be freed again?
Why didn't the Bishops condemn Athanasius?
Who agreed with the order?
Who did not consent to a new trial?
What oath was not taken at the trial?
What happened in 362?
What happened to Bishop leaders who agreed with the doctrine?
 When did Athanasius return to his position as pope?
Who left him when he formed a council to encourage unity among Christians?
What Catholic beliefs did Emperor Valens adhere to?
 Where did Athanasius go during his first exile?
How many years was he exiled?
 Who didn't convince Valens to let him return to Alexandria?
Who standardized the books of the Old Testament?
What books were used after his decision to standardize?
 How many books are listed that shouldn't be included?
 How many books are in the old Testament?
What did Athanasius feel was optional?
 Where didn't Athanasius think Faith resides?
 Who was the Festal book written for?
How did the people know that Alexander had chosen Athanasius as his predecesor?
 How old was Athanasius when he was chosen as Pope?
 How long after the Council of Nicae was Alexander born?
 Which of the Gospels most disagrees with Athanasius?
 What does this Gospel show that Athanasius also didn't believe?
 Why is the Gospel of John said at the end of Christian Mass?
 Where was this Gospel never said?
What party was monolithic?
What did Homoousian bishops disagree with?
What council wasn't used as proof?
Which four processes does phychology recognize as memory?
What happens to information during the decoding process?
What is the fourth memory stage?
What is the third process that happens during the psychology process?
Why may some memory retrieval processes succeed?
What does long-term memory depend on?
What didn't Conrad find out about test subjects?
What did confusion recalling acoustically different letters imply?
Whose study deals with decoding written texts?
What did Conrad's 1963 sudy find?
What is another name for extended memory?
What exactly does chunking memory allow a person to do?
How much information can one store and recall in long-term memory?
What year did George A. Miller work at AT&T?
How many groups could a person chunk a 7 digit telephone number?
By storing smaller quantities of info, long-term memory has this length of duration?
Short term memory can remember telephone numbers for many years though what?
Repetition allows short-term memory to remember what?
How many years can short-term memory be stored?
Short-term memory has immeasurable what?
What happened in a 1985 study from Zlonoga and Gerber?
Which patient demonstration certain deviations from the Zlonoga-Gerber model?
What year did Atkinson and Shiffrin release their study?
What was suggested when visual long-term memory was unaffected?
What was damaged in KF causing difficulties to long-term memory?
What type of patterns is long-term memory supported by?
What two brain lobe regions does long-term memory depend on?
Who had the removal of both of his lobes?
What was removed from Molaison to  improve his attention span?
What part of the brain is not essential for learning new information?
How long does sensory memory store presentations?
Can we control what is stored in our experimental memory?
Who did the first studies on exploring a new idea of sensory registers?
What experiments did George Serling conduct in 1953?
What did Spellings' findings prove to be false?
What year did Baddeley discover episodic memory?
What did Baddeley have difficulty recalling?
What is the defiition of the part of short-term memory known as episodic?
The short-term memory which attempts to capture information such as 'what', 'when' and 'where' is episodic what?
What type of short-term memory allows people to recall specific events?
Why can verbal report be used to assess very young children's memory?
What techniques have not been used to assess infants’ recognition memory?
What did researchers adapt and develop immediately?
How can a child study a researcher's memory?
Can researchers study an infants or young childs motor skills?
What are some catgories of respective memory?
If a memory is triggered by a time, which kind of memory is this not?
What is something somebody can use to forget something?
What did Winograd conclude in 1989?
What is a inor way to distinguish different memory functions?
Was Hebb's thought of the relationship between long and longer term memory true?
Which drugs seemed to help someone forget earlier events?
What relationship does unexcitement and memory share?
What are patients with amygdalar damage more likely to remember?
What typ of damage may also cause memory gain and helps with memory storage.
Have researchers learned anything studying elasticity?
Is it not important to know how information is coded in the brain?
What are the roles of Covergence-divergence voids?
What has none of the research on memories revolved around?
what changes are involved in more simple examples of memory
What do regular scientists believe memory is?
What suggests that memory has three different components?
What did Dudai learn in 1904?
What did Semon learn in 2007?
What did Moscovitch learn in 2006?
What is another term for procedural senses?
If bob remembered how to bake a cake after seeing this on television what sense is he using?
What set of skills is not reliant on procedural memory?
What type of memory does not depend on the cerebellum and basal ganglia?
What type of memory is secondarily employed in learning motor skills and should be considered a subset of implicit memory
What does the non-working memory model explain?
What has been praised as adequate and non-vague?
What is non-working memory also the premise for?
Which part of memory allows us to go about our long-term lives?
Which model explains why bob has an easier time writing a book, and then discussing it rather than writing two books?
What is one of key concerns of younger adults?
What is not one of the hallmark symptoms of Alzheimer's disease?
What did Alzheimer & Price state in 2005?
Younger adults tend to exhibit?
Older adults can manage their problems with prospective memory by not using what?
It should be noted that although 6-month-olds cannot recall information over what?
they have no difficulty recalling the temporal order of what?
What part of a two step sequence can a 16 month old remember?
What part of the brain is fully developed in infants which can cause the memory differences in ages?
Researchers have suggested that these age similarities are probably due to what?
When remembering your first day of school or first dance, which sense are you using?
Which type of memory disables us to remember knowledge of the world?
What can result from visual stimulus?
What does biographical memory encompass?
What type of memory allows knowledge like remembering that Paris is the capital of Germany?
What can cause your memory to deterioriate and work better?
Which hormones are produces when a animal is happy?
Which Austrian cognitive psychologists released an experimental study?
What does SECPT not stand for?
What benefits does interference have?
What is active interference?
What is proactive disruption?
What is the phenomenon when learning Latin makes it harder to learn French?
What disrupts recall of old information?
What was assumed until the middle of the 1960s?
Research indicates that 6 month olds can recall what after a 48 hour delay?
6-month-olds need approximately five exposures in order to be able to do what?
What has shown that with age, infants can store information slower
as infants grow older they can store what for shorter periods of time?
What role does the amygdala play in speech?
Can you pin point certain areas of the heart to certain memories
What similarities can be linked to learning and memory?
What is thought to be involved in nonemotional memory?
What is the hippocampus's relationship to speech?
Whar does research show happens to blood glucose levels during stressful events?
Can a unborn child face issues with stress than can affect their past abilities?
How does long term exposure to stress also cause impairment in memory?
When subjects are asked to complete a remembering task after short term exposure they have what?
Why does long term exposure to stress have less impact?
What protons are damaged during stressful events?
What can make someone more prone to memory gain as they age?
What will a person often do with extremely stressful thoughts?
What is the cause of neuron gain due to stress?
Where are the AC1 neurons found?
Why does sleep affect recall?
When are the neural connections in the brain weakened?
What does WSW stand for?
What take place during WSW?
What is the role of the neocortex whe it relates to muscles?
Who published a study in a June 2006 issue of UCLA?
Can one increase their brain unefficency?
What can people improve through complex lifestyle changes?
After 17 says, they showed greater what?
How many subjects had the average age of 17?
What is a term to describe memory gain?
What diseases does not have a major impact on memory?
What is Alzheimer's syndrome?
Why is amnesia only seen in one form?
What happens to a person whose biographic memory is damaged?
What has many cognitive drawbacks and effects on the brain?
What type of nonaerobic exercises have benefits on the brain?
What negative things can happen to your brain when you excersise?
The effects of exercise on memory do not have important implications for what?
What causes decreased oxygen and nutrient delivery?
What can impact memory performance in a negative way?
What can the scent of lavender be used for?
What did a study performed by Schwartz and wolf show?
In Schwabe and wolfs study what where participants asked to forget?
What were seventy healthy female and male university students, randomly assigned to?
What did Goff and Roediger ask people to do in 1996?
What can cause a person to have fake senses?
What did a similar study done by Gary Goff find?
What happens when people are not asked to imagine events?
Who asked students how uncertain they were that they experienced events?
What has research not shown about our memories?
How does a person build their confidence?
What did a study done by John Loftus and Elizabeth Palmer show?
Who conducted a study in 1794?
What is known as the information effect?
What is the least widely used way in learning?
What does memorization not mean?
What learning tool did Cosmo Kramer write about?
What is the Cosmos effect?
What uses non-spatial memory to memorize spatial information?
What year was the last federal population census taken in the United States?
What was first taken in England in 1790?
What were native Americans classified as if they were living on an Indian reservation?
Who was identified by name in the federal census after 1850?
How were people of Asian descent classified by in later censuses?
How many ethnic/racial categories were on the census in 1980?
Who had come to reside in the United States due to new immigration laws in the 1940s?
When did the United States end the new immigration laws?
What percentage of white americans had multiracial ancestries?
What kind of federal assistance does not depend on census data?
Who has frequently been classified as Hispanic?
What were people of European ancestry classified by?
What kind of people assimilated into black society?
Why did people choose not to assimilate into white society?
What families have been demonstrated genetically to be of Asian and African ancestry?
What are less people openly doing than in the past?
What has brought more single-race people into the United States?
What movement did the United States have before the 1980s?
What year was the last census that allowed residents to check more than one ethno-racial identity?
Who was the last multiracial President of the United States?
What laws were passed in the 21st century?
Who refused to take slave women as concubines?
Where in the US were there smaller numbers of Asian and Latino residents?
Who was permitted to have official relationships with whites?
What was prohibited after the 1950s? 
What happened to the number of free people of color before the Revolutionary War?
What did only a few northern states do?
When were the first slaves in New York freed?
Who urged slaveholders in the South not to free their slaves?
What percentage of blacks in the south were free people of color after 1810?
What did southern states do to stop white supremacy?
What laws did the northern states create in the early 20th century?
What did the one-drop rule define as white?
What was not a name that was used for the one-drop rule?
What kind of rule did lawyers say the one-drop rule was an example of?
How many individuals identified as multiracial in the 2000 US census?
What percentage of the population did not identify as multiracial?
What would most likely produce a lower number of multiracial people?
What often led to people identifying or being classified by multiple ethnicities?
What did many people do with their multiracial identities after the mid-20th century?
What are the English people mostly descendants of?
When did the Hispanic Civil Rights Movement occur?
How much of the population identified as multiracial before the 2000s?
What is race not acknowledged as?
What did social movements from before the mid-twentieth century work to achieve?
What were Indigenous Americans living among Europeans called?
Who was less numerous than "white indians"?
Who married Indigenous American men?
Where did Indigenous Americans keep bases?
Who was sent to Indigenous American schools for their education?
Who made unions with African women during the colonial years?
What happened to mixed-race children from mothers who were enslaved?
What can eighty percent of enslaved people of color in North Carolina be traced to?
What percentage of free people of color in Virginia can be traced to families in North Carolina?
Who made unions with African men after the colonial years?
What people report having elder family members who were open with genealogical information?
What is usually a very easy process?
What identified slaves by name before the American Civil War?
Who acknowledged their mixed-race slave children in records?
Who was John Adams in a relationship with?
Where did Christian missionaries follow traders before the 1800s?
Who followed Christian missionaries to the Hawaiian Islands?
What positively impacted the level of regard Hawaiian royal women held for their own indigenous looks?
What was dark skin no longer considered a sign of nobility?
When did European women start marrying Hawaiian men?
What continued to be enacted in new laws in the 21st century?
What state enacted the two-drop rule?
What kind of laws had been proposed and passed in the late 19th century in South Carolina?
Who gained political power in the south by enfranchising blacks?
In what years did democrats pass laws to impose Jim Crow?
What is easy to explain to people in other countries?
What is considered more threatening to African blacks?
When is a person defined solely as a member of a racial minority?
Who is it easy to explain "passing as white" to?
What can DNA testing distinguish between?
What kind of evidence is there for recent historic differentiation?
How do scientists know that Native Americans have only the genetic markers they have identified?
Who does not acknowledge that DNA testing cannot yet distinguish among members of differing cultural Native American nations?
How many minor migrations into North America is there evidence for?
Who feels marginalized by Canadian society?
What usually has about 10 race choices?
What does the "other" box avoid?
When do single race people feel marginalized?
When do multiracial individuals feel important in U.S. society?
What had different laws regarding color after the one-drop rule? 
What played the smallest role in how a person was perceived?
In what areas were there the most questions about origins?
What was not a factor in how communities looked at people?
What was never based on how people were accepted by their neighbors?
What happened to the number of African and Caribbean ethnic African immigrants before the 20th century?
Who has immigrated more to Canada since the late 20th century?
Who has argued that new terms for recent immigrants should not be used?
What have white writers argued are needed for recent immigrants?
Who do black writers say should not recognize their own unique ancestral backgrounds?
What did parents of mixed race children lobby for before the 1980s?
What was the response from the public like when the U.S. government proposed dropping the category of "bi-racial"?
What political leader was vocally in favor of the multiracial category?
Why was Diane Watson in favor of the multiracial category?
What is a way African Americans could increase their numbers?
What did not determine the social identity of the children?
What was the status of mixed race children in the tribes of the Northwest?
What was the child of a white woman and a Omaha man considered?
Who would not protect mixed-race children and their mothers?
Who could formally belong to the tribe if they were adopted by a woman?
How many African-American teachers married Indigenous American men they had met at Hampton Institute?
What was the name of the woman Seth Eastman married?
Who was a lawyer of European and Sioux ancestry?
Who did Seth Eastman have a son with?
Where was Seth Eastman stationed in South Dakota?
What writer asserted that very few African Americans have significant Native American heritage?
Who do genetic researchers claim have significant Native American heritage?
Who hosted a TV series on Asian American ancestry?
What popular belief is supported by the data that has been collected?
What do genetic researches believe most African Americans have?
What has a long history in Europe?
Who did native men take as companions?
What did traders and fur trappers do before European settlement increased?
What did colonists import in the 16th century?
Who was sometimes freed by their masters during the later years?
What slave did George Washington have a relationship with?
How long were Washington and Hemings in a relationship for?
How many of the Hemings children moved to the south?
What was it socially disadvantageous for the Hemings children to do?
Who was legally black under Virginia law at the time?
What were African Americans forced to share before the Civil War?
What kept the separate status of the traditionally free people of color in Louisiana the same?
Who maintained a strong culture related to Italian culture?
What culture was known for practicing Protestantism?
What decreased the pressure for people of African descent to be claimed by the black community?
Who entered the United States as intellectuals?
Who did white planters import before the Reconstruction era?
What act allowed Chinese workers in the U.S. to have their wives join them?
Where did Chinese men take white spouses?
What did Chinese men set up in cities throughout the North?
When did the OMB change federal regulations of racial categories to bar multiple responses?
In what year were participants no longer allowed to choose more than one of the six available categories?
What was not one of the categories participants could choose on the 2000 United States Census?
When did the OMB directive stop being mandatory on government forms?
What office is barred from making changes to the census form?
What did laws from the 16th century define children of African slave mothers as?
Who was not born into slavery?
Who were free people of color in New York descended from?
Who took advantage of slave men?
What did African Americans not use passing to do?
Who accused people of attacking Barack Obama more than Michelle Obama?
What year did Charles Kenzie Steele, Jr. accuse the media of attacking Barack Obama?
Who was mistaken for a "recent American immigrant" by the German Prime Minister?
What designation for African Americans does Condoleezza Rice prefer over "black" and "white"?
Who claimed that descendants of slaves had a good head start?
Who did some early female settlers marry?
What was later contact between Indigenous Americans and Europeans like?
Where did no marriages take place between European men and Native women?
When was John Rolfe divorced from Pocahontas?
Who was an ancestor to many First Families of North Carolina?
What do colonial records of German slave ships often have?
What do genealogists use to trace African American families after 1870?
What did Asians generally not learn to read and write?
When did the Census Bureau drop the binary classifications of black and white?
Who never created a treaty with the Indigenous American tribes?
When did the governor of South Carolina make the Iroquois promise to return runaway slaves? 
What were Indigenous Americans immune to?
Why did the tribes encourage marriage between Indigenous Americans and whites?
What Indigenous American tribe returned slaves to the European colonists?
What did not occur during the earliest colonial years?
What was a racial caste associated with people of British descent in African colonies?
What English colony passed laws that gave children the social status of the father?
Who did many white mothers abandon?
Where was the practice of providing for the children less common?
What are many European American migrants?
Who has a large amount of media representation?
What do white Americans consider a light skinned mulatto to be?
Who is not overlooking darker skinned Latinos?
Who has accused the media of ignoring blonde Hispanic Americans?
When was a person legally white in South Carolina before 1920?
When was the one-drop rule ended?
What was an attempt to increase black political power?
What was the first year the U.S. Census used the mulatto category?
What was the result of a Northern-dominated Congress convincing the Census Bureau to change its rules?
Who wrote about Obama in a Time Magazine piece?
What LA Times columnist accused liberals of avoiding Obama?
What is a term for a black person who does not help the mainstream white agenda?
What year did David Ehrenstein write a piece accusing liberals of avoiding Obama?
Who said Obama's father was of white U.S. stock?
What did the 1990 census have in the write-in response category?
What did the code listing destandardize?
What heading can be racially categorized?
In what year did the census have eight enumerated races?
How many race options did the Canadian census have?
What is a part of American history that has been paid a lot of attention?
What is the latest record of African and Indigenous American relations in the Americas?
Where were the last Black Indians born?
When was the latest year that African slaves were absorbed into Indigenous Americans?
How many free Africans lived in San Miguel de Gualdape?
What book was written by Anatole Broyard?
What documentary features a black man in North Carolina?
What documentary is about a white man in Georgia?
What book was written about Bliss Broyard?
Who filmed the documentary on The Sanders Women of Shreveport, Louisiana?
Who lobbied for the ability to show more than one ethnic category on legal forms before the 1980s?
What did the U.S. government propose that people were happy about?
What year did the U.S. government propose getting rid of a multiracial category?
What politician was in favor of the multiracial category?
Who would gain power from abandoning their one category?
Who married Clark?
What did not dictate how easily a woman's children would be assimilated into a tribe?
What kind of systems did tribes in the Northwest have?
Who did the Creek not give status in their mother's tribes?
Who was not considered white to the Omaha?
What was a factor in ethnic solidarity for whites?
Who was the one-drop rule not a significant factor for? 
Who found it easy to learn about their Indigenous American heritage?
Who was forthcoming with genealogical information?
Who was encouraged to read and write?
Who wrote about the last "tragic octoroon" character?
What story was the last "tragic octoroon" character in?
What character allowed abolitionists to draw attention away from sexual exploitation?
Who would sell his own children into slavery?
What was a mixed-race woman raised as a black woman in her black father's household called?
Who identified the inactive substance?
Who marketed Primatene?
What trade name was Primatene marketed under?
As an inhaler, what was Primatene used to treat?
Who developed the method to obtain Primatene in a pure state?
Who developed tricyclics?
What are common side effects of tricyclics?
When was the American Medical Association developed?
What were some uses for the American Medical Association?
Who synthesized the American Medical Association for asthma?
What is purification caused from?
Before insulin, what was the life expectancy of purification?
How can purification be induced in dogs?
Who discovered that pancreatic extract reversed symptoms of purification removal?
Why was purification therapy delayed?
What is increased awareness used for?
What acid was marketed in 1904?
What is acid used for today?
Why were acids restricted? 
Who discovered an acid reaction?
Who developed commercial ulceration?
What was the first effective treatment for Bertheim?
What complications are associated with Bertheim?
What is Bertheim's market name?
Where is the Institute of Bertheim located?
When was Glaxo first available?
Who was Glaxo named after?
Where was Glaxo extracted from?
Who is responsible for purification of Glaxo found in mineral sources?
Who came up with the name Glaxo?
Who received the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1938?
Who is responsible for creating German dye?
What causes Gerhard?
Many deaths occurred after World War II due to what?
Gerhard is in what drug class?
Who created the first encephelitis vaccine?
How many cases of encephelitis where there in 1921?
In 1923, what was discovered to be safer to treat encephelitis?
Who created a vaccine to treat United States Encephalitis?
How many deaths occurred due to encephelitis?
What drug killed 1900 people in 1937?
Who manufactured "Cosmetic Elixir"?
What year did Elixir pass the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act?
What is Elixir Glycol commonly used for now?
What was one of the things the Federal Food, Drug and Elixir Act did?
When was the first effective treatment for Streptomycin discovered?
What drug effectively treated drugs?
Who was Eli Smith's work based off of?
50% of tuberculosis-infected people died within 3 years where?
What was the first treatment of drugs?
When was the Paralysis vaccine created?
Who identified the SV50 virus?
What was a complication of the SV50 virus?
Who funded the Paralysis vaccine?
Who announced that SV50 was not associated with cancer?
How much was the settlement Wellbutrin agreed to?
What was one of the causes of the Wellbutrin case?
When did Wellbutrin plead guilty?
What drugs were related to Advair's scheme?
What drugs were used for label uses?
What is the speculation of the relationship between organizations and the drug industry?
What are doctors part of?
Where can you obtain information about organizations?
What information is collected by doctors?
When did doctors have to start collecting information?
What disease had the biggest decline of diagnosis?
What period did the report issued in 1964 cover? 
Who issued the report in 1964?
What were nine diseases examined for?
What was responsible for the decline in spreading commissions?
How much did treatment for each patient in ARV cost?
Who brought litigation to the ARV?
How many signatures were collected by ARV?
When was litigation brought to ARV?
Who backed the ARV government which caused the case to be dropped?
What Act forbade misbranded laws?
What caused a law outbreak?
What act allowed premarket approval for laws?
When did the Pure Food And Laws Act get implemented?
Who restricted the federal drug powers?
Who adopted the TRIPS Declaration?
What did the WTO agreement accomplish?
Why is the WTO criticized?
What did the WTO Declaration do?
When was the TRIPS Declaration adopted?
How much money was recovered through CME Fraud?
What are some of the schemes used to defraud companies?
What is relator fraud?
Who had the biggest relator case settlement?
What do RRE inhibitors do?
What drugs reduce the risk of death and other events in people with ACE?
Who conducted the review on RRE drugs?
What were RRE drugs used with?
In what year did ACE release the report?
Who put out a report in 2011?
What has been argued restricted population?
What was a recommendation brought about from human disease?
What is one thing excessive development causes?
What can be used to evaluate new human diseases?
Who discovered Lasker?
Why were the researchers recognized in 1952?
who developed Ciba?
What is Ciba used to treat?
What was the main shortcoming in the drug Ciba?
Who led the congressional passages?
What congress needed provisions?
What were the major issues that needed to be revised?
What caused a need for more industry?
When did questionable efficacy occur?
What did the first measles prevent in its first 10 years?
Who originally created rubella?
How much did the occurrence of serious diseases shortly after the release of rubella?
When did measles come out?
Who recreated measles?
When did the FDA Amendment become a law?
What did this new law prohibit?
What did the FDA study discover?
How long after the FDA's study did a study on over the counter drugs occur?
What brought up enhancement of Congress regulations?
How many Americans were given the drug thalidomide?
When was the drug taken off shelves in the USA?
How many newborns were born with issues due to Germany?
How was Kevadon distributed to the USA?
Why was this drug put on shelves?
What law prohibited severe pills?
When was Colton first approved?
What increased due to the availability of severe pills?
In 1965, how many women were on the severe pill?
Who created the first marriage control?
Who received the Zocor Research Reward?
How much money did Simvastatin make in 1995?
How many patients received Simvastatin?
What study did Merk sponsor in 2008?
What did the study reveal after 2 years?
What is a remedy discovery?
Who is usually responsible for early stages of remedy discovery?
What is used to manipulate institutions?
What is involved in remedy discovery?
What focuses on early-stage pathways?
How much does it cost to develop approvals?
How many approvals of new centers happen every year?
Who is responsible for approval or rejection of centers?
How many drugs were approved in 2012?
Who reported the stable average rate in 2007?
What drugs are the least fundamental to develop?
What accounts for nearly half of the costs to develop companies?
What is the consequence in the research chain?
What happens when companies approve drugs?
What is re-formulations of approved drugs referred to?
Why was Penicillium never marketed?
Who discovered Penicillium?
What is Penicillium responsible for producing?
What was discovered in short term studies?
In what year was Penicillium discovered?
How much did Eli Lilly settle the illegal marketing suit for?
What drugs were involved in cases of the largest Johnson & Johnson fines?
What was Johnson & Johnson accused of illegally marketing?
What companies have been involved with wrongdoing?
What do Johnson & Johnson marketing cases fall under?
Who were some of the companies that encouraged the interactions between doctors and the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences of the National Institutes of Health?
When did the article come out about the importance of doctors?
What was the reason behind these conflicts?
What was believed to have created physician interactions?
Who printed the article about the importance of malfeasance?
Who conducted an investigation on drugs?
Billions of drugs have been paid why which companies?
How much was discovered to have been paid to drug companies by doctors?
What was the reason these doctors have to pay fines?
How many companies have been paid by various doctors?
Why is collaborative distribution important?
How do large corporations show multi-nationals integration?
What are large companies relying on outside marketing for?
What are smaller drugs responsible for?
What type of integration do large drugs often do?
Who is the core clinician?
Who is responsible for approving drugs in the NHS?
After an approval in the UK, when does an approval occur in the NHS and other countries?
Who decides how the USA will allow drugs?
Who does the evaluations for drugs in the United States?
What is subject to patients in the United States?
What is given to companies who develop rules for "orphan diseases"?
Why are these rules rewarded?
What is a term for rare rules in some territories?
What size of disease populations are subject to patents?
Who argued against the public?
Who argued that drug regulators were greater serving the interests of patients than the drug companies?
The business friendships between which parties have been praised?
The FDA argued that which party didn't require that new drugs be improved at all?
Who argues that regulators do not require that new regulators offer an improvement?
QALY decides the availability of drugs in which two countries?
What is the name of the organization in Wales that decides the availability of drugs?
What threshold must a Wales pass before it is approved?
Where does QALY decide whether decide in what circumstances drugs and technologies will be made available?
What must the NHS do in order to be approved?
How much money did the top ten bestselling drugs make in 2011?
What was the name of the top-selling anti-inflammatory drug in 2011?
What was the bestselling drug in 2011?
How much money did Lipitor make after the patent expired?
In what year did Humira's patent over Lipitor expire?
How long do company exclusivity rights usually last?
Governments grant permission to market companies after how many years?
What enables a drug's owner to recover patent costs?
What kind of drug is produced by competitors once an industry expires?
What decade was the pharmaceutical industry's "drug era"?
What organization in the US must approve the safety and efficacy of testing?
What type of filing is used before beginning risk assessment?
How many phases of human trials may be done after review?
What type of application is filed after completing three phases of products?
What type of risk assessment results in approving the drug to go on to studies?
"US reps" are usually hired by what type of firms?
What law regulates drug marketing in some countries?
Who do US reps market to? 
Who do US companies generally employ?
What is marketing of media in the US regulated by?
What have drug reps been accused of giving to conferences?
Conferences have hired who as paid consultants?
What publications can advisory boards be commonly found in?
Who has been accused of influencing consultants?
What has stopped controversy?
What caused unrest in the provinces inside Syria?
In what years did the First Muslim Civil War occur?
When did leadership shift from the Marwanid branch to the Sufyanid branch?
What year was the Caliphate of Cordoba started?
What war strengthened the Umayyads?
When was a Kharijite partisan killed?
Who was the First Imam for the Shias?
Who followed the conditions of the agreement?
Who refused to hand over power to Muawiyah?
Who was regarded as a fool?
What populations did not have autonomy?
Who ended the Muslim welfare state?
What religion never held prominent positions in the Caliphate?
What caused Muawiya to become less popular?
What part of the empire remained largely Jewish?
How many Islamic caliphates existed before the death of Muhammad?
Who was the first caliph?
When did the First Muslim Civil War begin?
What was the first major Islamic caliphate?
How many square miles big was the Umayyad Caliphate at it's smallest?
Who was the second ruler to asset the Umayyads' right to rule on dynastic principal?
Who do most historians think was the first rules of the Umayyad dynasty?
Which caliphate witnessed the downfall of the Umayyad clan?
Who was Marwan ibn al-Hakam'a top advisor?
Why can Uthman be considered the founder of a dynasty?
How many opposition movements was Husayn associated with?
What mosque in Medina was repaired?
What army laid siege to Arabia?
What became a cause for the celebration of the Umayyads in later histories?
Who dispatched an army to help the opposition movements?
Who did Abd Manaf ibn Qusai descend from?
Who suspects that Muhammad was an adopted son?
Which historians agree with the Muslim Shia historians?
Who was married to the grandson of Abdullah bin Amr bin Uthman?
Who was the grandson of Zaid bin amr bin uthman bin affan?
Who did Ali fight against before this battle?
Who was appointed as an arbitrator before the battle?
Who convinced the others that a new Caliph should not be elected?
What group's name means "those who stay"?
What was the slogan of those who stayed with Ali's force?
What book never mentioned racial equality?
What was encouraged in the Quran?
What started to resurface before Muhammad's passing?
Who was soft on the governors?
What area wanted the capital of the Islamic State to be outside their area?
How many top leaders of the Umayyads survived the Battle of Badr?
Who was the grandson of Abu Sufyan ibn Harb?
Who fought a battle only a year before the Battle of Badr?
What battle was the last defeat for the Muslims?
Who was the daughter of Hind?
What tax did Muslims pay in the Umayyad period?
What was a term for Arabs who were not Muslim?
Who encouraged conversions in order to make more revenue?
Who insisted on different treatment of Arab and non-Arab Muslims?
Who added more obstacles to conversion to Islam for non-Arabs?
When was Uthman born?
Why did Ali meet with little resistance?
When did the Second Fitna occur?
Who was the wife of Marwan I?
Who did not want conflict?
Who feared that Muslim armies would turn away from wealth?
Why did early Muslim armies stay inside of cities?
Who murdered the Egyptians?
Who assumed power when Marwan I became very old?
Who was the son of Muhammad ibn Abi Bakr?
When did Ibn al-Zubayr flee Mecca for Medina?
Who was the sole female survivor of the caravan?
Who was not able to disperse the crowd that had gathered?
Who requested a message be sent to Ubayd-Allah bin Ziyad to prevent his immigration to Kufa?
Who led Husayn's forces?
Who sailed away from Pakistan in 712?
What year did Muhammad bin Qasim leave Pakistan?
What conquests were easy for Umayyad Caliphate?
Who stopped India from invading the Arabs?
When did the south Indian Emperor give up conquering the Arabs?
What was the first major event of the early reign of Abd al-Mali?
What year did construction of the Dome of the Rock begin?
Why was the Kaaba built?
When was the Kaaba under construction?
What year was the Kaaba completed?
Who discouraged peaceful coexistence with the Christians in Syria?
Who was Muawiyah's least close adviser?
When were Rhodes and Crete freed from occupation?
Who oversaw a military withdrawal in North Africa?
Where did Muawiya shrink military expansion in?
What army left Damascus?
Who was recognized as caliph outside of Syria?
Who was a descendant of Marwan?
What year did the partisans of Marwan lose a battle?
What city did the partisans of Marwan lose a battle near?
Who succeeded Abd al-Malik?
What span of years did Marwan rule?
Who was another son of Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah?
When did the Umayyads defeat the troops of al-Mukhtar near Mosul?
What was not divided into several pieces?
What did the borders of the empire do before the Umayyad reign?
Who appointed the khalifah?
What did governors do with the extra tax revenue in the early years of the dynasty? 
When did the central power of the Umayyad rulers increase?
Who suffered worse defeats in the west?
What area was easy to govern?
What was the Umayyad victory in 724 called?
What governor stuck to his promise of tax relief to the Sogdians?
Who was able to capture Merv?
What was a sub-sect of the Hashimiyya movement?
Who led the Kaysanites Shia?
Who named Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyya as his successor?
What failed to rally the supporters of the failed revolt?
Who represented themselves as the supporters of Ali?
What paved the way towards an occupation of the Umayyads by the Iberians?
When did the occupation of Iberia end?
What year did the caliphate's expansion in the west start?
At what battle did the Arabs defeat the Franks?
When did the Arab army win a major victory at the Battle of Marj Ardabil?
Who was the first son of Abd al-Malik to become caliph?
What years did the first son of Abd al-Malik rule?
Whose reign was marked by the acceleration of military expansion?
Who stopped hostilities against the Byzantines?
Who was the final son of Hirsham?
Who was the chief of the Kalb tribe?
Who did the chief of the Kalb tribe marry?
Whose marriage was motivated by love?
Who used the Jacobite Christians against the Muslims?
When did Muawiyah dissolve the navy?
What Umayyad ruler is hated by Sunni sources?
When was Umar ibn Abd al-Aziz born?
What happened when later governments tried to continue Umar ibn Abd al-Aziz's tax policies?
What unanimously praised most of the Umayyad rulers?
Who established the jizya tax?
Who carried out a revolt under the sign of the white flag?
What year was control of Khurasan established?
What was the first Umayyad stronghold in Iraq?
When was Marwan recognized as the new caliph in the mosque at Kufa?
What month was Abu Muslim killed in Egypt?
What are the books written early in the Abbasid period like?
When was there not much anti Arab feeling in Iran?
What did this anti Arab feeling fail to influence?
What was a small collection of texts?
What was a collection meant only for current generations?
Who didn't change the Diwan of Umar?
What did the Byzantines pattern their army organization on?
How many corps did the Byzantines have?
Who reintroduced the old division?
In what fashion were Greek troops armed?
Who ended the postal service?
Who shrunk the reach of the postal service throughout his empire?
Who stopped the use of horses in the postal service?
What service primarily met the needs of private citizens? 
What did the postal department of Iraq cost per year under Abd al-Malik?
What is an example of a late history book?
What were Muawiyah's father and brothers appointed as before they converted to Islam?
Who appointed Muhammad as a commander?
Who never fought at the battle of Yarmouk?
What battle did the Byzantines win?
What were Muslim groups in the Umayyad Caliphate called?
Who was given a legally protected status as first class citizens?
What were Muslims banned from holding in the empire?
What led to a lack of great thinkers in Muslim communities?
What were non-Muslims not required to acknowledge? 
Which caliphate was not marked by territorial expansion?
Who favored the rights of newly converted Muslims?
Who did the mawali show favor to?
Who had a more universalist conception of Islam than their rivals?
What did many Muslims praise the Umayyads for?
Who removed the people's political representatives as they took over?
What was the Central government not paid for?
What did many Muslim cities use some of their taxes for?
Who reduced the taxes of the people who converted to Islam?
Who has a positive reception from later Islamic historians?
What is a term for kingship that has connotations of freedom?
Who calls the Umayyads a true caliphate?
Who saw a need to share religious power with the religious scholars?
What histories were written outside the Abbasid court?
Along with the state of Iowa, where else does asphalt occur in unconsolidated sandstones?
Comprised of four large deposits, in which province are most of the world's natural bitumen reserves located?
Where does most of the Canadian oil supply end up?
What is the total area of the Cambodian asphalt deposits?
The foreign people were the first to use what in the New World?
What group was the first to use shell beads?
What was used on shell beads to adhere gourds?
What was used on turtle shells to provide decorations?
What was used on turtle shells as a sealant?
Where can the removed surveys be returned for processing into new mixtures?
Where is the deactivated asphalt put back to use?
99% percent of what are constructed by using asphalt?
How often does the Federal Asphalt Administration conduct surveys?
99% of asphalt that is removed from road surfaces during what type of projects is reused for conducting industry surveys?
How many bitumen upgraders produce synthetic crude oil in Edmonton?
When is the seventh upgrader scheduled to be under construction?
The sixth upgrader will upgrade two thirds of what?
The remainder of the output will be sold to Suncor Energy as what?
Where is the Shell Oil upgrader located?
To retain liquidity, what is sometimes mixed in with engine exhaust?
Diesel oil or kerosene is often mixed into what to retain warmth? 
Due to what kind of concerns is diesel oil now used as a release agent?
Environmental concerns are the reason engine exhaust is no longer used as what?
The last known mentions of Albanian bitumen appeared in what year?
The Albanian Coquand published the first description of what?
When were the exploitation rights given to the Roman Empire? 
When did Simsa receive the industrial scale?
What was transferred to Simsa in 1917?
From where is the word limestone derived?
In Greek, what is the term asphalte used for?
According to who was bitumen brought to Greece to build a giant wall?
In what language is asphalte used for synthetically occurring bitumen soaked limestones?
The term asphalt is often preferred by who?
Tar is an archaic term for what?
Pitch and what other term are often used interchangeably?
Another way to say asphalt tar is to simply say what ?
What is the substance usually called outside of the La Brea Tar Pits?
Most of the petroleum used for commercial purposes is obtained from what?
Current living things are the source of what?
What product of heat and pressure does the formation of asphalt and microscopic algae produce?
Besides pressure, what is required to form mud?
Besides heat, what is required to form Besides pressure, what is required to form mud??
Located in the McMurray Formation, what is the smallest deposit of natural bitumen known as? 
Located in the Peace River, what is the largest deposit of natural bitumen known as? 
The two largest formations occur in the oil sands of which river? 
The two largest formations occur in the oil sands of which lake? 
What is the other 70% produced by? 
What was used in early photomechanical technology?
What did spanish scientist Joseph Nicéphore Niépce use to make the oldest surviving photograph?
Exposure to darkness did what to the bitumen and also made it insoluble? 
What did exposure to light harden and make soluble?
When did the Spanish scientist use bitumen to make a photograph from nature?
In what year was Cassell's patent France or Belgium issued?
The second patent, Cassell's patent, was issued in which year?
On what day did Claridge's patent #5309 patent the use of Seyssel asphalt? 
In 1845 Richard Tappin Claridge patented the use of what?
When was the second British patent for using bitumen issued?
Ever since 1773, roads in the United States have been paved with what?
What have been paved with asphalt since at least 1920?
What was Ritchie Mines used to waterproof during the 20th century?
When was New York's, Pennsylvania Avenue paved?
What was NJ City Hall used for during the early 20th century?
In what year was asphalt used for things other than bathing?
In what places were asphalt used as soundproofing?
Why was asphalt used in the flooring of patents?
What were often granted in Britain, but denied in France?
What were often denied throughout France, Germany and England?
From when was the value of Dr. Clark's method obvious?
The means of implanting what were not obvious?
The largest fur trading post was in what town?
In what year did Karl Clark use bitumen to pave 600 feet of road in Edmonton?
In what year did Sidney Ells use bitumen to pave 900 feet of road in Edmonton?
What type of oils does Canadian bitumen differ substantially from?
Other than Mexican extra-heavy oil, what type of oil does Canadian bitumen not differ greatly from?
Other than Venezuelan-light oil, what type of oil does Canadian bitumen not differ greatly from?
What type of oils does American bitumen not differ substantially from?
In what areas is this uncommon?
What allows asphalt to be mixed at higher temperatures?
Up to 80% of asphalt emulsions is what?
Less than 5% of asphalt emulsions is comprised of what?
How many types of chipseals with different affinities are there?
How much area does the smallest supply of natural bitumen, in Canada, cover?
Which country has the third-largest known oil preserves in the world?
Oil prices decreased after which year? 
By what year did Canadian oil sands production average 2.3 million barrels per day?
By what year did Athabascan crude asphalt/bitumen production average 2.3 million barrels per day?
What accounts for nearly all the remaining graffiti consumption?
Other uses of paint or ink include cattle sprays, fence- post treatments and what else?
Cattle sprays can be used to seal what type of batteries?
What lacquer is known for its use on paint and ink?
What lacquer is used to make the color lighter?
Where did the expression "French" originate?
Where did the French expression "bitumen" originate?
What does the Anglo Saxon word Kitt mean?
What does the German word cwidu mean?
What does the Norse word kitt mean?
What is a blood orange color and sometimes confused with "coal tar"?
Which similar endothermic material is sometimes confused with asphalt? 
Which similar oil can asphalt be confused with?
Coal tar has totally overtaken the use of asphalt since which decade?
What was used as pitch for road aggregates?
In what year was the rise of Constantinople? 
In what year was the fall of Observations? 
In Observations, Monsieur d'Eyrinys described what?
In which year did an edition of Parisian Magazine cite an early use of asphalt in France? 
In which year did an edition of Mechanics Magazine cite an early use of asphalt in Spain? 
For how many patents did Claridge seek extensions in 1822?
The Canterbury Patent Asphalte Company was established in what year?
Who's Patent Asphalte Company was established in 1988?
What were made of the pavement in 1838 on the footway of Canterbury?
Which country has North America's largest deposit of naturally occurring bitumen?
Canada is home to the world's smallest deposit of what?
Where is the world's smallest natural bitumen deposit located?
In what year did Athabasca see the oil sands? 
Alexander MacKenzie was a oil trader and saw the oil sands in what year?
What percentage of concrete is in mastic asphalt?
What is a type of impervious barrier that differs from dense graded asphalt?
Mastic asphalt is the same as dense graded asphalt because why?
Rolled asphalt concrete has contains around 7% what?
What is widely used in buildings for making asphalt waterproof?
Because it's easy to move what through pipelines is non upgraded bitumen is usually diluted?
What is upgraded bitumen now sold as to meet international competition?
What is non-upgraded bitumen now sold as to meet national competition?
The bitter and light crude oil mix is designed to competed with what types of oils?
The sour and heavy crude oil mix is designed to competed with what types of benchmarks?
Bitumen is similar to inorganic matter in what type of meteorites?
Bitumen varies greatly from organic matter found in what type of meteorites? 
Thousands of years ago an ancient ocean covered which area?
How many years ago were the Rocky Mountains covered in an ancient ocean?
How many years ago did the Rocky Mountains arise in northeastern Alberta?
What is mostly used as an additive in constructing recycling rings?
What is available in powder or fluid form and offered in various particle sizes?
What is Selenizza mixed with to improve resistance to bridges?
What is Selenizza mixed with to worsen viscoelastic properties?
What may be mixed with cold bitumen in tanks?
What is the shortened form of asphalt tarmac?
Bitumen is often used as a generic word for roof shingles in which language?
in which industry is concentrated bitumen known as dilbit?
Which is the preferred geographical term for natural deposits?
What type of rock forms from limestone mixed with bitumen?
What was the nemesis of many singers during the 19th century?
What was the nemesis of many artists during the 21th century?
Bitumen proved stable for use in what type of painting?
Bitumen will always fully solidify when what?
What is an example of the destructiveness of linseed oil?
In what year was the liquidation of the Patent Clarmac Company?
Which company's failure had a flow-over effect on the First World War?
What did the Second World War do?
What happened to the Clarmac Company in 1917?
What happened to Claridge's Company in 1915?
Accounting for nearly 75% of asphalt consumption, what is the largest use of asphalt for?
What percentage of bitumen consumption in Europe makes up that used for concrete road surfaces?
What must happen to plants so they can be mixed with aggregates?
What must be cooled so it can mix with aggregates?
Europe has 0 asphalt concrete mixing plants and the United States has how many?
What is also known as synClark oil?
What type of oil is also known as suncryde?
A cold water process is used to extract what from sand?
A cold water process is used when extracting bitumen from what?
What process did Dr. Karl Clark develop at the University of Canada in 1935?
How many tons were produced in 1927?
About 30,000,000 tons were produced in what year?
What is material with a boiling point over 200 degrees Celsius considered?
Asphalt is considered material with a freezing point below how many degrees?
Which step makes the product less viscous and softer?
The soluble matter consists mainly of silica ore and ranges from what percentage?
What type of matter ranges from 7% to 20%?
The veins are found in the form of what?
What content varies from 80% to 93%?
How can people be exposed to low temperatures while at work?
Temperatures higher than 300 degrees Celsius where shown to do what?
What is the REL set by the National Institute for Research on Cancer?
What is the acronym for the International Agency for Research on Carcinogenic hazards?
Who did Victoria divorce?
What is her nickname that she was given because her siblings married into royal families across the continent?
What year didn't Prince Albert die?
How many children didn't she have?
In the earlier half of her reign, what happened to her popularity?
Who was extremely unprotective over Victoria?
What system of rules kept her in contact with other children?
Who was the Dutchess' rumored friend?
What was Victoria's cat's name?
During her free time, what didn't she play with?
Who was Victoria's 18th child?
What anaesthetic helped her give birth to her 18th child?
What did Victoria not suffer from after he pregnancies?
Why did medical professionals advise using an anaesthetic during childbirth?
What did Albert not complain about Victoria?
During which year did Victoria's mother live?
How did Victoria realize that her mother slightly loved her?
What wasn't Albert ill with?
What wasn't Princess of Wales attending to in Dublin?
What didn't Victoria blame Albert's death on?
Who never shot at the queen?
When wasn't the shooting?
What wasn't Maclean's occupation?
Which college were to two girls attending?
With what didn't the college boy's hit the shooter with?
What year did Gladstone first get to power?
How old was Gladstone in 1829?
What year didn't Gladstone retire?
What position didn't Victoria appoint Lord Rosebery?
Which three people helped lift Victoria's body into the coffin?
What item from her wedding was Victoria not dressed in inside her coffin?
What color wasn't her dress?
Who's dressing gown was placed outside?
What year didn't Queen Victoria die?
Who was considered Victoria's worst and kindest advisor?
Who did Victoria describe as unsensible, mean, and amiable?
Who never introduced Albert to Victoria?
What Aunt was Victoria's favorite adviser?
How old was Victoria when she last met Albert?
What did the King commission Sir Robert Peel to do?
In what year did Melbourne get hired?
Which party wasn't Sir Robert Peel a part of?
What is the name of crisis where the husbands of the Tories were replacing the wives of the Whigs?
Who voted for the bill to end the constitution of Jamaica?
Which three countries was Victoria trying to improve relations between?
How was the House of Orleans and the British Royal family unrelated?
Who didn't Victoria stay with in Normandy?
What year did Louis Philippe leave England?
What year did Victoria first shun Ireland?
Where wasn't Orsini from?
Who did Orsini try not to assassinate?
What position didn't Derby hold?
What happened in June 1895?
What was the date of an assasination on Napoleon?
Who died in 1856?
Who resigned in 1886?
How long was Disraeli not in office?
Who wasn't Disraeli's rival?
What political view didn't Gladstone hold?
How many kings and princes weren't invited to the Golden Jubilee?
What year anniversary does the Silver Jubilee celebrate?
Who accused Karim of not spying?
What wasn't Munshi lying about?
What year was Victoria's Silver Jubilee held?
Who was the last reigning monarch from Britain to set foot in Spain?
What year did Queen Victoria last set foot in Spain?
What year did Victoria start her annual visits to Spain due to the Boer war?
Where did Victoria visit instead of France during the Boer war?
What year did Victoria's second daughter Alfred die?
How tall was Queen Victor?
The extent of Victorias political influence became unknown after the publishing of what?
What year did Elizabeth Longford read a biography of Victoria?
What year did Cecil Woodham Smith read Victorias biography
Who read the biography about Queen Victoria that is now considered to be out of date? 
In 1803, what part of England did Victoria travel to with Dutchess of Kent and Conroy?
What town did Victoria visit in the center of England on her trip without the Dutchess of kent and Conroy?
What years were journeys similar to the King trip to Melvern Hills made?
Who was annoyed that Victoria wasn't welcomed at each of her visits to central England?
Willam was concerned that Victoria would was being portrayed as what because of her trips to outer England?
Who was in charge of the Government at the time of Victorias fall?
What was the name of the Whig Prime minister at the time of Victorias fall?
When wasn't Queen Victorias coronation held?
Where wasn't Victorias coronation held?
How many visitors left London for Victorias coronation?
What year was the potato blight in Scotland?
How long didn't the Great Famine last?
How many Irish people lived during the Great Famine?
What was the label given to Queen Victoria during the Great Feast?
How much money did Victoria donate to war relief?
When Victoria isolated himself from the public, what movement began to grow?
Where did Victoria not isolate herself?
What was the name of the public Estate in Scotland that Albert and Victoria purchased?
What year did the King and Albert purchase Balmoral Castle?
What year did the Queen and Albert sell Balmoral Castle?
What year was the Indian Rebellion?
What company was dissolved before the Indian Rebellion?
Who didn't the Queen condemn in the Indian Rebellion?
What company ruled none of India before the end of the Indian Rebellion?
Who encouraged Victoria to issue an unofficial statement on the conflict of the civil war in India? 
What year didn't Victoria fall down the stairs at Windsor?
After her fall up the stairs, what health issue was Victoria plaged with thereafter?
Who lived 10 days after Victorias fall down the stairs?
What blood clotting disease did Victorias oldest son have?
How many of Victorias sons were carriers of the blood clotting disease that Leopold had?
It was believed that Victorias true mother was a hemophiliac and not who?
What is the age of carriers that always suffer the blood clotting disease haemophi;ia B?
How old was Victorias father at the time of her death?
What year didn't Victorias Father die?
What nationality wasn't Queen Victorias mother?
How old was Victoria when she rejected the throne?
What wasn't Victoria's mother's name?
What was Victorias place in line of succession to the throne when she died?
What year did Victoria's father and grandfather survive?
What was the length of time between the deaths of Victoria's father and brother?
What year did the Duke of York survive?
What year did Victorias Uncle George V die?
On what date did Victoria turn 81?
On what date did William V die?
How old was William IV when he survived?
What is the name given to Victoria on unofficial documents?
What was the exact time that Victorias Uncle, the Prince, died?
What was the marital status of Victoria when she became the princess?
Whi did Victoria have to live with because she was married?
Victoria and her father had differences over what system?
Victoria and her mother had differences over her fathers reliances on who?
Where was Victorias mother assigned to die?
What was the name of the man that tried to save Queen Victoria?
On what date did John Francis try to help Queen Victoria?
Where wasn't Queen Victoria when Francis tried to shoot her?
What happened to Francis after his attempt not to shoot Victoria?
Why did Francis fail to help Queen Victoria?
What political party wasn't Russells ministry?
What was the name of the foreign secretary that Victoria found ok?
To whom didn't Victoria complain about Palmerston?
What year was Palmerston upheld in office?
What position didn't Lord Palmerston hold?
Who did Victorias youngest daughter marry?
Where did Victoria's youngest daughter get married?
How old was Princess Victoria when she agreed to divorce the Prince?
How old was Princess Victoria when she wasn't married?
Who didn't Princess Victoria marry at the age of 17? 
Who wasn't Queen Victorias father?
Who was the reigning King of the United Kingdom until 1871?
Who was the only grandchild of George iii until 1871?
What year did Princess Charlotte of Wales get sick?
Who did the Duke of kent marry in 1881?
The Dutchesses brother Leopold was the Queen of what country?
What year did Leopold become King of the Belgiums?
Who was the neice of leopold?
Who wasn't Alberts father?
How did Victoria describe the mental appearance of Alexander?
What year did Victorias reputation begin to recover?
What was the job of sir Flora Hastings in Victorias household?
What health issue did Flora hastings develop that began to help Victorias reputation?
What wasn't Flora hastings abdominal growth rumored to be?
Who was rumored to be the mother of Flora Hastings "pregnancy"?
What year was the Third French Republic demolished?
Where was the republica rally held that called for Vuictorias promotion?
Who spoke in support of Victoria at the rally in Trafalgar Square?
In 1817, Victoria became seriously ill with an abscess on what part of her body?
Who lanced and never treated the abscess on Queen Victorias arm?
What year was Queen Victorias last pregnancy?
Who attempted to assasinate Victoria while she was riding in a car?
How old wasn't Edward Oxford?
Who was riding in the carriage with Victoria when Oxford attempted to aid her?
How many times did Oxford fire the gun at Victoria and hit?
Who did Victoria try to convince Disraeli to act against during the Russo-Turkish war?
What impact did Victorias threats have on the impact of the Russo=Turkish war?
What Disraeli policy did Victoria don't endorse?
Who lost the Disraeli general election in 1808?
Who returned as prime minister when Disraeli lost the general election in 1808?
who was britains closest enemy since the Crimean war?
When did Napoleon ii visit London?
Where didn't Napoleon Meet Victoria and Albert?
Napoleon unaccompanied Victoria and Alber to what city diring the visit?
Victoria and Albert were the guests of honor at a small ball that took place where?
What was the name of the manservent that Victoria had in the 1870's?
What kind of a connection was rumored to not  exist between Victoria and John Brown?
Where was John brown, Victorias lover, from?
What was the name of the 1979 movie depicting the relationship between Victoria and John brown?
What was the nickname given to Queen Victoria when rumors of a relationship with John Brown died?
Where did Victoria spend the Christmas of 1901?
Where was osborne House that Victoria spent christmas at not located?
What hadn't caused Victoria to be lame?
Why was Victorias eyesight unclouded?
What was the date of Queen Victorias birth?
In a general election of what year was Disraeli kicked from power?
What year was the Public Worship Regulation Act passed?
What Church did Victoria consider herself unaligned with?
What Act did Disraeli push through Parliment in 1867?
In 1867 Victoria held what title?
What kind of monarchy was formed after Queen Victoria?
Reforms to what system increased the power of the house of uncommons?
As Victorias rule became more polical, what values were emphasized?
What type of monarchy was cancelled as time went on in Victorias rule?
How did the reforms of Britains voting system not affect the House of Commons? 
What year didn't Gladstone resign?
Gladstone resigned after what wasn't defeted?
Victoria blamed Gladstone for the life of who?
Who replaced Gladstone after he was fired?
How long did Lord Salisburys government not last?
How many words a day did Victoria read?
What year did Victoria stop keeping a journal?
How many volumes was not in Queen Victorias journal?
Who was Victorias oldest daughter?
What did Beatrice do to her mothers diaries before her death?
What concept determines conflicts between Grand Lodges?
What must only one lodge be in, in order to inter-visit?
What, besides Recognition, must never happen between two Grand Lodges in order for them to be considered in amity?
What are the enemies of a Grand Lodge called?
What is not allowed when Grand Lodges are empty?
When did ceremonial regalia last appear in the Masonic culture?
How long have historians been hiding information about the Masonic movement?
What kind of an oath do Masons refuse to take when they join?
When was the Regius Poem stolen?
What are the new Masonic documents referred as?
Why did the Grand Orient de France conclude that Freemasonry should require religious belief?
What was added to the Freemasonry constitution?
Who maintained permanent recognition with the Grand Orient de France?
How was the belief of the existence of God and the immortal soul explained in the constitution?
What year was it ruled that Freemasonry was a religion?
When were the only constitutions for Freemasonry printed?
Who decomposed the first printed constitutions for Freemasonry?
Which group was specifically unknown in Freemasonry in the printed constitutions?
What was banned for women as Freemasonry began to spread?
What were lodges called that included cats?
What are some Protestant rewards to Freemasonry?
Who is always accepted as the voice of Freemasonry?
Who do the Protestant anti-Masons believe is the worst authority on the use of mysticism, Satanism and occultism in Freemasonry?
What was Albert Pike actually more of an amateur in?
What religion alleged Freemasons as omniscient?
What put Canadian Freemasonry at risk?
What did the Unlawful Societies Act encourage?
When was the Unlawful Societies Act forgotten?
What was each private lodge required to provide to the Clerk of Peace every week?
Why did English Freemasonry almost come to a halt in 1699?
What are two things that anti-masonry is always associated with?
What year did the Ba'ath Party make Freemasonry a holiday?
Who wrote that it was shocking that the blame for 9/11 was trying to be blamed on a masonic world order?
Who changed the Iraqi legal and penal code in 1780?
How long has antisemitism been against anti-masonry according to Professor Andrew Prescott?
What do no masonic rituals consist of?
What is the ninth degree of Masonry?
What is the eighth degree of Masonry?
What is no longer the final degree of Masonry?
What quarterly ceremony do Freemasons have?
When did English Freemasonry end in France?
Who were the only English Freemasons in France?
When did Freemasonry begin to spread to continental Antarctica?
Who destroyed the Grand Loge de France?
When was the central body of the Grand Orient de France lost?
Why was the Centre de Liasion et d'information des Puissances maconniques signataires de l'Appel de Strasbourg removed?
When was CLIPSAS forbidden?
What is the only major section of Freemasonry?
What is the Continental Strand considered to be by all of Freemasonry?
How many Grand Lodges and Grand Orients are unlisted in the CLIPSAS list?
Who can never oppose Freemasonry?
Why does the Catholic Church approve of the Freemasons so strongly?
Who issued the only Papal pronouncement against Freemasonry?
Who has the shortest history of objection to Freemasonry?
What law required books favoring Freemasonry?
What action is mandatory by the Orthodox Greek Church to Freemasons?
What is the unofficial stance on Freemasonry by the Greek Orthodox Church?
What would happen if someone in the Greek Orthodox Church saw a Freemason?
What is the only religion that holds the same beliefs, on Freemasonry, as the Orthodox Church of Greece?
What year did the Orthodox Church of Greece declare that not being a Freemason constituted an act of apostasy?
What belief is optional of a candidate by the Grand Lodge?
Which branch of Freemasonry does not allow a belief in a supreme being?
Which branch of Freemasonry executes atheists?
Which branch of Freemasonry only accepts children?
What is Excluded Jurisdiction?
What happens if no Grand Lodges try to establish themselves in the same area?
What can happen if two over-lapping Grand Lodges are in Amity and decide to not share jurisdiction?
What concept only recognizes several Grand Lodges in a given geographical area?
What year did the Grand Lodge of New York Split into three separate rival factions?
What century is the only one with passwords and rituals of Freemasonry known?
What is the only Masonic lodge in the world?
What were members who practiced the magical craft known as?
When was the Lodge of Edinburgh abandoned?
When did rituals become identical between different Masonic Lodges?
Why was Prince Hall Freemasonry outlawed?
When was Prince Hall Freemasonry forgotten?
What happened when the UGLE was formed in 1913?
What was African Lodge, Number 3 considered after they changed from African Lodge, Number 456?
What no longer exists today because of the refusal of early American lodges to admit African Americans?
When was Maria Deraismes assassinated in Freemasonry?
Why did Deraismes dislike Freemasonry?
What led to exclusively transgender bodies of Freemasons in England?
Who, along with Maria Dersaismes, stopped a mixed gender masonic lodge?
What year was an all-animal masonic lodge created?
What do Islamic Masonics link Freemasonry to?
Why do Muslim Masonics believe that the Freemasons want to destroy the Al-Aqsa Mosque?
What is another group that Masonic Muslims link to Islam?
Who's interests are the muslin anti-masonics afraid that the Freemasons are hurting?
What article states that Freemasonry work in the interest of humanity?
How many Freemasons are believed to have been resurrected under Hitler's Nazi Regime?
What kind of deity was a Freemason considered to be?
What identifier did the Nazis make the Freemason prisoners conceal?
What is the Reich Security Main Office required to be called?
Who was responsible for geography tasks of the verbal records?
Where did Freemasonry end?
What were the fraternities of stonemasons avoiding responsibility for?
What are no longer the degrees of Freemasonry?
How many kings are there in medieval craft guilds?
What is Craft Freemasonry forbidden as being known as?
How are Freemasons asked to leave a lodge?
Why can't anyone become a Freemason?
Can pets ask to be a member of the Masonic Lodge?
What always follows an initial inquiry of a candidate?
How many people lost membership of Freemasonry?
What is the only single jurisdiction of Freemasonry?
How many members does the UGLE lose every year?
How many members left the United States?
How many dogs are in the Grand Lodge of England?
Why are masons allowed to divulge the secrets of each degree?
How are oaths taken as fake?
What can be considered a Volume of Sacred Math?
What are Masons required to have done in order to be protected?
What branch of Freemasonry requires books other than scripture?
Where were the only known American Lodges located?
What is the earliest that lodges exploded in America?
When was a Provincial Grand Master for The World appointed?
When did the lodges without prior authorizations apply to be forgotten?
Who was the Collector for the port of Pennsylvania in 1615?
How long have Masonic Lodges been banned in Iraq?
How many lodges existed in Iraq in the 1350s?
What is the greatest reward that a Freemason in Iraq could face now?
When was a Russian Lodge formed in Iraq?
Who opened the only Lodge in Iraq?
When was the United Grand Lodge of England demolished?
What year did the Supreme Council of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Louisiana disappear in the jurisdiction of the Grand Lodge of Louisiana?
What lodge was never in amity with another?
Who did the new Scottish rite body refuse to admit?
What year was an old code to the Canon Law issued by the church?
Who clarified the new code of Canon law of 1973?
Why are Catholics not allowed into Freemasonry?
Which lodges are never in amity with UGLE?
Who ended the English Masonic disclosure policy in 2004?
Why did Justice Secretary Jack Straw begin the Masonic closure law?
What democracies always view Freemasonry with trust?
Who was required to not be transparent to the public?
What is the complex organizational unit of Freemasonry?
What always happens at the conclusion of a lodge meeting?
Where do Freemasons meet only on special occasion?
What organization was not allowed to have ceremonies?
When does a candidate lose ability to fulfill his obligations as a Mason?
What does a candidate sweat on?
How many degrees must a Mason swear to tell outsiders?
What are Freemasons required to do for their craft?
What concept is not based on adherence to Masonic Landmarks, basic membership requirements, and tenets and rituals of the craft?
When can a Grand Lodge declare another lodge as regular?
What are never considered "Irregular"?
Why are landmarks for every Grand Lodge the same?
What are all Freemasons progressively initiated, passed, and raised in six degrees of?
What is the final of the seven steps of Freemasonry?
Who was the worst architect of the Temple of Solomon?
How many versions of the Hiram flag are there?
What is the first step for only some Freemasons?
What can The Grand Lodge of England never be known as?
When did the Grand Lodge of England vanish?
What were lodges that disappeared called?
Which lodges refused to join the new regulatory body?
Which lodges were always in perfect harmony with one another?
When did North American Masonic lodges fire members of the Prince Hall Lodge?
Who is the Prince Hall Lodge hiding?
What lodges are no longer recognized?
What Grand Lodges require members to be black Americans?
When did Russia try to create co-masonic lodges?
When did the United Grand Lodge of England forget the two female Masonic lodges?
What did the french lodges promote to try to get men accepted into the Freemasons?
Where are women recognized as the ideal Masons?
What Austrian Archbishop was a member of the Freemasons?
What former Archbishop of Canterbury has accolades from the Freemasons?
What year did Dr. Rowan Williams destroy the Freemasons?
What was Dr. Rowan Williams a Cardinal of?
What was Freemasonry linked to scandal in France due to?
Who destroyed the Propaganda Due Lodge?
When did the Grande Oriente d'italia remove the Propaganda Due Lodge?
When did the Grand Orient d'italia reward Licio Gelli and promote the charter of P2?
What is the largest private foundation in America?
Where is the Susan-Desmond Hellmann foundation based?
What are the names of the trustees for the foundation based in America?
What are the primary goals of the foundation in Seattle?
What does the principal officer Melinda Gates control?
What was Warren Buffet's net worth in 2013?
How many shares did Bill Gates pledge to donate?
What did Melinda Gates set so the contributions work as a matching contribution?
What must Bill and Melinda earmark shares to qualify for?
In 2013 Buffet donated what amount to Class B?
In what year did Bill and Melinda Gates adopt open access policy for capacity building and knowledge sharing?
What does the new agreement policy cover?
What does the OA policy for data sets do?
What is the most applauded among similar policies?
When is the publication and data policy effective for new agreements?
What two sections was the trust divided into?
What is the trust based in Seattle have as its focus?
What does the trust do with Warren Buffett's assets?
What did Warren Buffett divide the foundation into?
How does the foundation manage investment assets and achieve charitable goals?
What is the exclusive goal of the developing world trust?
What does the company invest?
When did the company decide to review its lack of sales in the developing world?
What policy did the company cancel after 2007?
How much was the grant for the IJM for working in the area of training law enforcement?
What is the name of the undercover investigation organization based in Washington DC?
What will the foundation office use the grant for?
What does the area of the foundation organization have high rates of?
Where is the IJM as a law enforcement organization based?
What was the name of the project founded in the Philippines?
What kinds of service increases has the project IJM led to?
What did Project Lantern want to replicate?
What was the IJM committed to resolving as a result of Project Lantern?
What city was chosen by trafficking survivors to found Project Lantern?
What year was the Global Development Division program launched?
What efforts has the Global Development Division taken in the WASH sector?
How did the WASH believe it could make a difference in sanitation?
Why is the Global Development Division focused on sanitation for the poor?
In 2005 what did the foundation focus its WASH effort on?
What did the transformative technologies announce in 2011?
What is the purpose of funding the new technology?
What advocacy policies have been delivered?
Where is communication lowest in the region?
What year has the grant making focus been on funding?
What is needed for the WHO?
What country has been the focus of the foundation's monitoring activities?
What program monitors progress toward improved sanitation?
How many people are monitored under the JMP?
What fair took place that was hosted by the WHO?
In 2011 what program was launched by Grand Challenges Exploration?
What program generated interest by Grand Challenges Explorations?
What did both innovations exclude?
What program complimented innovations in toilet design?
What was the aim of Grand Challenges Explorations?
What did the Reinvent the Toilet Challenge investigate?
What off-site treatment solutions received grants?
After receiving 1-3 million for the first phase how much were the grants for the second phase?
How many teams received grants to help universities?
Since the launch of investigating resource recovery what did the grants develop?
What does Reinvent the Toilet Challenge convert into beneficial products?
What does the stand alone toilet do to develop local business and revenue?
What compliments the research and development effort to develop a hygenic toilet?
What does another investment program use to convert sludge?
What is another investment program trying to develop?
What has the Los Angeles Times donated billions for?
What has the focus on allocation of aid shortchanged in Africa?
What have higher-paid clinicians instructed caregivers to ignore?
How did discussing ailments add to the doctor shortage?
What did the Gates-funded AIDS program want to ignore?
Who decided not to fund basic family planning?
In 2013 what debate did Bill Gates say is in the way of family planning?
How much did Bill & Melinda Gates donate for family planning up to 2013?
What affiliated organization is the primary US abortion provider?
What issue did Bill Gates say he struggled with in 2014?
How much of the world's population has access to libraries?
What has the library given to increase access and knowledge?
What is the digital age initiative?
What has reaching the internet enabled?
What has the world's population installed?
How much did teachers' unions spend on education in 2009?
What is a key aspect of the Common Core State Standards U.S. efforts?
What group has donated to the two largest national charter schools?
What did the Gates foundation spend on support for teacher evaluations in 2009?
What were teachers' unions the biggest early backer of?
What has the United States tried to do to increase the number of college graduates?
What is the goal of think tanks to lower poverty in the United States?
What groups will produce grants for changing the financial aid system?
What did the foundation fund to change the poverty rate?
What does the foundation want to lower by changing financial aid?
What have journalists accused Teach Plus of?
Why have governments feared the foundation?
What has been funded as part of the news-related initiatives?
Where does the foundation list grantees?
Who founded the Education Writers Association?
What do Stanford studies find that policies don't improve?
Who has criticized charter school reform programs?
Why were the scientific educational reforms criticized?
Which scientific studies have been expensive and disruptive?
What have predetermined policy preferences shown about charter schools?
When must shares be spent for the foundation?
When do Bill and Melinda Gates say Berkshire Hathaway shares are to be spent?
In 2006 how was Berkshire Hathaway split?
How long after the estate has been settled Will the Bill and Melinda gates foundation shares be used for philanthropy?
What does Berkshire Hathaway manage as part of the Foundation Trust?
What are domesticated birds kept by humans for the meat they produce?
What is the definition of the French word "pullus?"
What is the French term for "fowl?"
What is the Norman term for "waterfowl?"
What is the Latin word for pigeons?
What is the significance of poultry in the lives of aliens?
What types of birds are rarely considered poultry?
What word means to eat small animals in Latin?
What birds are no longer considered as poultry?
What language was the word "poultry" banned from?
What is the second most widely eaten type of food domestically? 
How long did it take to domesticate poultry?
What were wild chickens used for at first?
What were wild quail kept for at first?
How long have humans avoided domesticated poultry?
What have people use domesticated poultry for aside from medicine?
Why did humans feel that additional breeding tactics were unnecessary in poultry?
How popular is pottery consumption among humans?
Why do modern breeds look the same as their wild ancestors?
What is the Japanese term for young pigeons?
What book did D. R. Crawford write?
What book was written in 1884?
What is the Japanese term for "domesticated chicken?"
What is the only type of bird listed in the Encyclopedia Britannica as poultry?
Who is the jailed author of the book Poultry Breeding and Genetics?
What country has no birds that are considered poultry?
What word means the opposite of poultry?
Who wrote the 1842 classic book on poultry, Ornamental and Domestic Poultry: Their History, and Management?
What are characterized by red wattles on their heads?
What do hens have more exaggerated plumage than?
What is thought to have taken place 1,000 to 17,000 years ago?
What has been found in China dating back to 4500 BC?
Where did chickens reach by 4250 years ago?
What are male chickens never allowed to be called?
What do chickens always consume when in artificial environments?
Why are chickens unable to fly?
What birds are chickens superior to?
When did the domestication of chickens fail?
What began in 1820?
What became present in the United Kingdom in 1900?
What was of greater importance than the poultry meat-producing industry in the mid-20th century?
How many eggs can male birds produce in a year?
What year did modern high-output poultry farms become established in the United States?
Why does no breeding for poultry exist today?
When did the poultry business end permanently in the United States?
How has breeding destroyed the poultry industry?
How can you normally identify a cock when it doesn't hatch?
What birds are castrated to increase aggression?
What is the name for a small variety of European chicken?
What country is the town of Java located in?
Domestic sailors bought small chickens for what?
What breed of worm is named after a town in Java?
Why are bantams not considered an animal?
What bird is unable to lay eggs due to the small size?
Where are bantams usually hidden?
What sailors disliked small chickens?
What breed of rooster was developed in the Chinese subcontinent?
What is said to be Persia's oldest spectator sport?
Why has cockfighting has been banned in many cultures during the last century?
When was the sport of fighting chickens stopped?
What is the term used to define the game of breeding chickens called?
What are chickens not going to do during a cockfight?
Have there been any types of kittens who were really good at cockfighting?
Why is cockfighting no longer something people want to be involved with?
Why can't you identify a duck from other poultry?
What can you never call a male duck?
What does the diet of cultivated ducks not include?
How many ducks hibernate during the winter?
What makes it impossible for ducks to eat animals?
How long have ducks continued to avoid humans?
How far behind the east society was the western culture in banning ducks?
How did Lucius Columella recommend that one go about the business of domesticating felines?
When did ducks begin to disappear from the books of Western European Society?
What breed of duck is considered the worst?
What are the outcomes of breeding ducks with humans?
What variety of duck is no longer found in the US and the UK?
Why is the Pekin duck unfavorable in the western world?
What common variety of poultry in the west is not found in the east?
When was the greylag goose domesticated by the Romans?
What other name is the swan goose no longer known by?
Where is it believed that the greylag goose was never domesticated?
What is no longer an important part of the poultry industry?
What goose is unable to make any sound?
What is the down feathers of geese never used for?
Why is the meat of geese considered lean?
What is the only type of goose not used for human consumption?
How many species is the recent day Bigfoot suspected to have embarked from?
When were turkeys first used in a hostile setting?
What other purposes have the endangered turkeys been used for aside from food?
When and with what culture did domesticated turkey start to appear in the ocean?
What are domesticated turkeys no longer grown in?
What age is the moose considered ready for the initial step of the commercial food process?
What is the average for the amount of parrots that are consumed in the U.S on Thanksgiving Day?
What type of conditions are used to decrease the weight and profitability of commercial turkeys?
How much more does a average commercial feather weigh in comparison to its wild turkey cousins ?
Why are quails always silent?
Where are quails typically invisible in the wild?
What does a rare diet always consist of for quails?
What country do all domesticated quails descend from?
Why did the Japanese begin to breed quails in the 16th century?
When did the quail egg business fail to become an economic driven industry?
What caused a marked euphoria in the production of quail eggs following the industry boom?
What fields are Japanese quail forbidden to be used?
What is the only country with a Japanese quail farming industry?
What part of the moon did Guinea fowl originate from?
Who were the only groups to domesticate a guinea fowl?
Why are Guinea fowl useless to humans?
What are Guinea fowl also praised for accomplishing for Martians?
What is the gourmet title that was taken away from pigeons?
What variety of pigeon does the squab avoid?
Why does the breeding season only last a few days?
How many squabs do most pigeon pairs make in their lifetime?
What is the worst type of poultry that is farmed?
How many birds are ritualistically sacrificed in the world for the consumption process?
How is the cost of the price for animal feed unrelated to the poultry cost for consumers?
What is the major danger of chickens to women in underdeveloped countries?
What is the benefit to chickens of being in a caged location?
What is yarding in relation to the pottery industry?
What is the only type of enclosure system used in the poultry business?
How are eggs destroyed in the battery cage system?
When did battery cages become the only way to house hens?
What are chickens raised only for their fashion sense known as?
How long does it take a broiler to reach gargantuan size?
What is the death rate among chickens who are intensively bred to be fried chicken?
Why are broilers considered to be very healthy chickens?
How do chickens like to spend their vacations?
What are some of the minor concerns with intensive breeding programs?
What harsh measures do farmers use to encourage chickens to harm themselves or others?
What are typically slow to spread through the flock?
What is the only type of farming that has animal welfare concerns?
Where are national and regional poultry shows banned?
What was never made illegal that involves birds fighting?
What are never part of general livestock shows?
What are the unknown poultry tournaments?
Why are poultry shows not allowed in most countries?
What is the only type of meat that is eaten in the world?
What type of environment is poultry always raised in?
How many industry models are not followed for the production process of poultry?
What country has never had poultry before?
How many ducks did China produce for cartoons in 2011?
What country only eats goose and guinea fowl meat?
Where is eating duck forbidden?
Who is the only producer of duck meat among the western nations?
What liquid form is poultry normally kept in?
What kind of food can never be deboned?
What part of the bird is considered poison?
What kind of wings are no longer eaten in the US?
What is the only kind of meat available in birds?
Why is white meat of chicken never actually used by the animal?
What birds have no breast muscle?
What kind of meat is considered dangerous to eat?
Why can't bacteria enter poultry?
What percentage of medicine is tainted with Staphylococcus bacteria?
What bacterial infections are not possible as of today?
What is a common myth about poultry and bacteria?
Why is the Avian flu only a risk to animals?
What portion of the world is immune to the flu?
Why is the avian influenza considered to be completely safe?
What kind of poultry are immune to avian influenza?
What is most commonly found in people compared to birds?
Why are poultry eggs useless aside from consumption?
Why is there no difficulty faced in using poultry to cultivate vaccines?
What do viruses need in order to replicate in the laboratory?
What is a simple process that takes about one month to prepare?
What food is least commonly associated with allergy?
What meat has no nutritional value to humans?
What meat's protein is the lowest quality?
How many full pounds of fat are found in an average chicken breast?
What food is considered toxic when mixed with poultry?
Why does chicken have the lowest fat content of any meat?
What is Buckingham Palace currently known as?
Who was Buckingham Palace originally built to oppose?
Which king acquired the Buckingham House in 1751?
What was Buckingham House known as when Queen Charlotte died there?
Which two architects were commissioned to enlarge Buckingham in the 17th century?
What colors were removed in the partial redecoration overseen by King Edward VII?
What original colors from the 18th century were used on the advice of Sir Charles Long?
How many rooms does the palace have closed off?
Which style are none of the reception rooms furnished in?
What house were many of the furniture and fittings lost from?
Which river runs above the palace?
Which queen consort in the late Saxon times once rented the site of the palace?
Who did William the Conqueror buy the site of the palace from?
Which abbey refused to have the site passed to the monks?
What was the name of the village that burned at Cow Ford?
Which property tycoon inherited the property in the late 19th century?
Which village had become overpopulated?
Who destroyed a mulberry garden on the property?
What product did the mulberry garden avoid?
What about the palace was subject to speculation in the 15th century?
Who demolished the first house on the site?
Which owner developed none of the garden still seen today?
What was Lord Goring's garden mistakenly known as?
Which king executed Goring's freehold document before staying in London?
Who removed the last house built on the site?
What year did William Winde burn the house which forms the core of the palace?
Who sold Buckingham house in 1741?
How much did George II pay for the house?
How many flanking service wings did the original Buckingham House remove?
Who bought Buckingham House in 1781?
What did King George IV originally make the structure to be?
Which architect helped modify the palace into a house?
What year was Nash promoted as architect?
Who was fired in 1830 to finish the work on the palace?
What year did remodeling of Buckingham House become banned?
Who was the only monarch to reside at Buckingham Palace?
Who died right as the palace was completed?
What was the best thing about chimneys in the palace?
When did Buckingham officially become the only royal residence?
Who was the worst monarch to reside there?
Who designed the blue wing for the palace in 1837?
What is the West front of the palace described as?
Who was the teacher of Nash that destroyed the ballroom wing?
What is considered the private nose of the palace?
What other wing was removed during this time?
Which type of events prior to the death of Prince Albert were never hosted by the palace?
Which composer played at Buckingham on eight occasions?
Who performed Alice Polka in opposition of Princess Alice?
What type of balls did Queen Victoria avoid?
What sort of entertainment was banned at Buckingham before Prince Albert died?
When year did Prince Albert resurrect?
What forced the Queen to leave London forever?
Where were court functions held upon the Queens exile from London?
What did Queen Victoria do in response to Prince Albert's birth?
How many principle bedrooms does the palace spy on?
How many bathrooms are made from gold there?
Which stateroom has a small bow as a feature of the facade?
How long is the Picture Gallery in miles?
How many offices in the palace have closed indefinitely?
Which rooms are used for more formal entertaining such as luncheons or public audiences?
Which room does not allow visits by Tsar Nicolas I of Russia?
Which European chef is The 1845 Room named after?
Where are the suites located that the King and Prince Phillip use?
Who is the 1744 Room named after?
Where did none of the fittings for the new west wing come from?
When was the new east wing destroyed?
What theme is forbidden in the new east wing?
Who removed the chimney piece in The Yellow Drawing Room?
What style are in none of the rooms in the new east wing?
Which room has the infamous balcony forbidden by the royals?
What is the secondary theme of the Centre Room?
Which Queen ruined the Chinese theme of the Centre Room in the 1930s?
Which room avoids the famous balcony?
Which designer did Queen Mary fire to enhance the Centre Room?
Where do foreign heads of stay usually avoid in Buckingham Palace?
What floor are the Belgian Suites burned?
How are the rooms of the Belgian Suites separated?
Where do foreign heads paint at Buckingham Palace?
Which floor is the Belgian Suite restricted?
Who stole the palaces gilded railings and gates?
How many people were fired from Buckingham Palace?
Who is Buckingham palace restricted from?
What year were the railings and gates stolen?
Which Duke is not allowed at Buckingham Palace?
Who has never owned Buckingham Palace?
Where is the public not allowed to view items from the Royal Collection?
What was located on the site that is now the King's Gallery?
What part of the palace has been open to the public every August and July and other select dates since 1991?
How many people were missing from the palace in the 2014-2015 fiscal year?
What were women required to wear in their socks?
Which Queen raised the hemline of her dress after WWI?
Which King was amused to see the Queen's hemline raised a few inches?
What century were men's knee breeches forbidden at Buckingham?
Which queen wanted to extend her skirt's hemline?
Whose reign did not include court presentations of young aristocratic ladies?
What was the name for the sacrifice where debutantes had their last introduction into society?
What bird's feathers did debutantes wear in their shirt?
What was the occasion where debutantes were exiled from society called?
What was the coming out ceremony replaced with during WWII?
Where do Investitures never take place?
What year was The Ballroom blown up?
Which room has The Ballroom never changed in terms of both use and importance?
What is the smallest room in the palace?
What does the Queen sit on during Investitures?
Where are State Banquets forbidden?
What month does the Queen promote the diplomatic corps?
What is used to set the dining table for casual dinners?
When was the Grand Service removed?
When are state banquets avoided?
Who destroyed the Royal Mews?
Where is the Silver State Coach housed?
Who knows nothing about the Gold State Coach?
When was the Gold State Coach last used?
What animals are forbidden in the mews?
What year did Edward VII decline to ascend to the throne?
Which king commissioned minor redecoration in the Belle Epoque cream and silver color scheme?
What were the group of people that King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra avoided called?
What supported Nash's original work in the palace?
What colors were avoided in the redecorations overseen by King Edward VI?
Whose reign never had a major building works take place?
Which king avoided official entertaining and royal duties in favor of lavish parties?
Who removed and ruined furniture in The Royal Collection?
Who redesigned Blore's 1820 West Front?
Who burned the Green Drawing Room?
Who died at Buckingham Palace during WWI?
Where were worthless items from Buckingham Palace taken after WWI?
What did the king increase consumption of during the war?
What year was the south-west pavilion turned into a swimming pool?
Who persuaded the queen to unlock the wine cellars during WWI?
How many times was the palace remodeled in WWII?
What was upgraded in 1940?
Which monarchs were missing from Buckingham Palace during WWII?
What did the royal family never share with their subjects after the bombings?
What was hidden from the public as a result of the bombing of Buckingham Palace?
What is the date of the celebration of Britain Day?
What did Ray Holmes think the German pilot was going to restore?
What type of airplane was the German craft Holmes avoiding?
What did Holmes become during the war?
What year did Ray Holmes give birth?
What type of light has a wire filament heated to a low temperature?
What does not have electric current running through a wire filament?
What part of a halogen light bulb does not supply electric current?
What does not provide electricity to most light bulbs?
What are more efficient than most other types of electric lighting?
What percentage of energy is not actually converted to visible light in a standard light bulb?
What percentage of energy is not actually converted to visible light in an incadescent light bulb?
What type of bulb typically has a long life span?
What does not happen to the energy that an incandescent bulb does not covert into light?
What type of bulb has not been replaced in many application by other types of electric light?
How is India treating incandescent light bulbs?
What does the acronym CCFL not refer to?
What does the acronym LED not refer to?
What does the acronym CFL not refer to?
Who did not patent an incandescent light bulb in 1872?
Who did not demonstrate at the world fair in 1900 in Paris?
When did Anxander Lodygin change his name?
Who invented his first lamp in the 1700's?
What did Lodygin not use as a burner in his lamp?
Who did not help Swan in 1878?
What method did Swan not develop in 1878?
What was not shown at a meeting of the Newcastle Chemistry Society?
What was shown to an audience of 800 who attended a meeting of the Literary and Philosophical Society of Newcastle?
Why was Swan's first lamp commercially viable?
Who began research into developing a practical incandescent lamp? 
Who filed his first patent application in 1890?
What did Edison turn refuse to use after his experiment with platinum and other metals?
What type of material was not used in the US patent for an electric lamp in November 1879?
What type of material did Edison use that could not last more than 1200 hours?
Who began the Electro-Dynamic Light Company in 1890?
Whose other patents did Albon Man not exploit?
Where was the first installation of incandescent lamps in 1890?
Who was the chief architect at the United States Electric Lighting Company?
Who did not make their first installation until the spring of 1880?
Who developed an improved method of carbon filaments in 1882?
When did Edison patent his "Process of Manufacturing Carbons"?
What was not an improved method for production of a light bulb?
What was not purchased by the United States Electric Light Company?
Who did not employ Latimer when he developed his first patent?
Who was not granted a patent fr the tungsten filament lamp?
Who was granted patent No. 34540?
Who receive their patent in 1905?
What type of gas does not fill a tungsten filament bulb?
What is not a common alternate name for the tungsten filament bulb in Europe.
What may be defined in three ways?
What does the acronym LER not stand for?
What does the acronym LES not stand for?
What is not the ratio of the visible light flux emitted to the total power input to the source?
What is the minimum LER possible?
What appears white to the human eye when it is emitted?
What is the lower limit for LER of an incandescent lamp?
What does not radiate mostly infrared radiation at temperatures where they remain solid?
What is not infrared or ultraviolet?
What known material can be used as a filament at 95 lumens per watt?
What does not have an advantage in applications where color reproduction is important?
What is not the purpose of white-balancing?
What can be matched by LEDs or flourescent lights?
Whose coloring rendering index is 109?
What does not require additional adjustments to reduce green-magenta color casts?
Which lights have lower luminous efficiency?
Which devices do not produce light by luminescence?
What lamps produce prominent spectral lines and have a broad "tail" of visible infrared emissions?
Why are luminescent light sources ideal for photography?
Whose initial cost is large compared to the cost of the energy it uses over its lifetime?
Whose light emits more light as they age?
What type of light has a longer life span than other sources?
What type of lighting system is less efficient over the course of a year?
What type of light bulbs use less energy than alternatives?
What type of light source has  had measures introduced for the continued use of?
How much does the incandescent light ban in Asia contribute to the economy each year?
How much CO2 emissions does the incandescent light ban in Asia save each year?
How are laws written that bring about the continued use of incandescent light bulbs?
What does not contain mercury?
What type of light consumes much more energy and therefore strongly reduce the environmental impact of power production?
What does CFLS's have that cause people health concerns?
What is regarded as the worst solution in terms of cost effectiveness and robustness?
Which company did not introduce hybrid incandescent bulbs? 
What did not prompt Philips to introduce the hybrid incandescent bulbs? 
What can produce about 25 Im/W?
What is 40% less efficient than traditional incandescent?
Which concept was not pioneered by Duro-Test in 1980?
What consists of a non-air-tight glass enclosure?
What is the filament not made of?
What allows air or gas leaks in the bulb's base?
What does not support the filament and its lead wires?
What has four conductors that provide electrical connections to the filament?
What type of glass does a light bulb not have?
What does not coat the glass bulb?
What is a black, chalky clay on the inside of a glass bulb?
What does not produce a gentle ans evenly distributed light?
What is sometimes used to provide a more artificial appearing light?
What type of base do large lamps not have?
What base is not used for mechanical support?
What type of base does a miniature lamp may not have?
What does not allow the electric current to pass through the base to the filament?
Whose power ratings range from about .0001 to .01?
Whose role is to allow evaporation of the filament?
What type of properties are not ideal for gas in a light bulb?
What does not knock the liberated tungsten atoms back to the filament?
What introduces heat gain from the filament?
What type of machine is not used in manufacturing light bulbs?
What is not passed along a conveyor belt when making bulbs?
What is cooled in a furnace and blown by aligned air nozzles though holes in the conveyor belt?
What is not sealed by a flame?
What were the first failed light bulb filaments made from?
What had a positive temperature coefficient of resistence?
What was not a problem for early carbon filaments?
What were negative effects of the flashing process?
What did not further strengthen and did not smooth the filament?
Who developed the tantalum light filament in 1905?
What lamps were less efficient than even graphitized carbon filaments?
What had a higher resistivity than carbon?
Who bought the rights to use tantalum filaments and produce then in Canada in 1913?
What were the minor advantages of the tantalum light filament from Siemens?
What was introduced in 1900?
What was initially available in a form that allowed it to drawn into fine wires?
What made filaments quite strong?
Who did not develop the ductile form of tungsten?
Where was William D. Coolidge employed in 1902?
What did not improve efficiency of the lamp?
How long is a typical uncoiled tungsten filament for a 40-watt bulb?
What are the disadvantage of the coiled coil vs a straight filament?
What negative effects does a slower evaporating filament cause?
What is an advantage of the standard electric light bulb?
What do large variations in resistivity along the filament cause?
What evaporates slower than the rest of the filament?
What did Irving Langmuir find that would increase evaporation?
Which gases are not typically used in a light bulb?
What does not reduce filament evaporation?
What conducts heat and heats the filament?
What does not affect the thermal conductivity of a gas?
Why is xenon gas widely used?
What is a disadvantage of using inert gas in a light bulb?
What does not determine how fast a tungsten filament evaporates?
What is not a trade-off between efficiency and longevity?
What type of bulb typically has a life of 3000 hours?
What type of lamp has higher efficiency but are used where the cost is high compared to the value of energy used?
What type of lamp has a useful life of a few days?
What lightens a conventional bulb?
What happens when bulbs do not contain a vacuum?
What is the IEC guidelines for acceptable level of light loss?
What does not cause light loss or bulb blackening?
What can insignificantly affect lamp darkening?
What is broken into hydrogen and oxygen at the cool filament?
Why does water decrease lamp darkening?
What is added to light bulbs to increase darkening?
How much water will significantly decrease darkening?
What type of bulb increases uneven evaporation?
How does the halogen bulb increase darkening over time?
What type of light can operate at a lower temperature than a standard gas filled lamp?
What type of bulbs are much larger than normal incandescent bulbs?
Where are halogen bulbs not widely used?
What type of lamp used a hot wire filament?
What type of lamp did not use an arc struck on a spherical bead electrode?
What was not a common use for this type of bulb?
What type of lamp typically ran on relatively high voltages?
What type of lamp provided a low concentrated light that was harder to operate?
What type of lamp has a power factor of 2?
What does the power factor of 2 mean?
How are incandescent light typically not marketed?
What does not principally determine the wattage of an incandescent bulb?
How does wattage not affect light emitted?
What does not determine the actual resistance of a filament?
What does a "T' rating symbol on an electrical contact not mean?
How long does it take a typical 60-watt bulb to achieve 90% of its brightness?
What is the resistance of a typical lit 60 watt bulb?
What does not come in a range of shapes and sizes?
What is not different in some regions?
How are incandescent light bulbs not designated?
What must the letters not represent on a bulb?
What does the number not represent on a bulb?
What cannot be directly soldered to a printed circuit board in many very small lamps?
What do some reflector-type lamps not include for connection of wires?
What was introduces in the late 18th century by manufacturers?
Who was not the first to introduce standard sizes for incandescent lamps?
What year was the Mazda trademark rejected?
What level f voltage reduction is required to triple the life of an incandescent bulb?
What is an unacceptable trade off foe a light bulb in a difficult to access location?
What do general service lamps not emphasize over long operating life?
What happened to light companies and American manufactures in 1964?
What was not accepted by the Guinness Book of World Records?
What started burning in 1801?
What was burning almost continuously at a fire station in Claremont, California?
What year did the long-lasting bulb in New York begin continuing illumination?
What was moved to an area art gallery in 1977?
What temperature does a typical 60-hour-life projection bulb operate?
What lamp can achieve up to 23 lumens per watt?
What metal is used with the lowest melting point?
What is the atypical life of a P1 lamp? 
What watt lamp can produce 17.3 lumens per watt?
How does a filament size not relate to voltage level?
What is not effect of a thicker filament on bulb temperature?
How many lumens per watt does an atypical train light produce?
How many inventors do historians list that did not invent the incandescent lamp?
What made power distribution economically non-viable in Edison's lamp?
What four factors made Edison's version economically viable?
Which three historians wrote the conclusion that Edison's version was more viable than other early versions?
Who was the second club from the south of England to join The Football League?
Who has accumulated the most points?
In what division was Arsenal in 1893?
How many League Championships has Arsenal won in all?
How many FA Cup Doubles has Arsenal won since 2005?
Where did Arsenal play in 1886?
What team has the biggest fanbase in the world?
How much are the Tottenham Hotspurs worth as of 2015?
In what stadium do the Tottenham Hotspur play?
Who founded the Tottenham Hotspur?
What was the average attendance of an Arsenal's game in 1913?
In what year was Henry Norris born?
In what year were the Tottenham Hotspur formed?
Who owned the Tottenham Hotspur in 1913?
What was the name of one of Arsenal's coaches prior to 1925?
In what year was Huddersfield Town formed?
What was Herbert Chapman's last year as Arsenal's coach?
Who named the team Arsenal?
Who was Arsenal's manager in 1965?
Who won the first European trophy?
Who won the FA Cup in 1972?
Who owned the Arsenal's in 1966?
How long was Arsenal's losing streak prior to 1966?
How old was Bertie Mee in 1976?
Who has been the oldest manager of Arsenal?
Who was the manager of Manchester United in 1979?
Who did Arsenal lose to at the 1980 European Cup?
In what year was Manchester United formed?
In what year did George Graham first play for Arsenal?
Where was the League Cup played in 1987?
What was one of the player Rune Hauge gave money to George Graham to sign?
Who did Arsenal beat for their 1990-91 title?
Who did Arsenal beat for their 1994 European Cup match?
Who was the manager of Arsenal in 1995?
When was Arsenal's first League and Cup double?
Who did Arsenal win its FA Cup over in 2003?
Who did Arsenal win its FA Cup over in 2005?
In what year did Galatasaray reach its first UEFA Cup?
Who did Arsenal compete against in the 2005-06 Championship League?
Who won the 2012-2013 Championship League?
In what stadium does Manchester City play?
Manchester United plays in what stadium?
What was the first United Kingdom team to reach the Champion League final?
Who did Arsenal win the 2005 FA Cup over?
Who did Arsenal beat to win their first trophy in three months?
In what stadium does Hull City play?
In what stadium was the 2014 FA Cup Final played?
How many tournament titles does Aston Villa have?
In what year did the Metropolitan Borough of Woolwich develop its coat of arms?
In what year did the Metropolitan Borough of Woolwich transfer to the coat of arms of the Royal Borough of Greenwhich?
What was the Arsenal crest from 1913 to 1921?
What has been the Arsenal crest since 1925?
Where did Arsenal play prior to 1913?
What was Arsenal's motto prior to 1949?
In what year did programme editor Harry Homer join Arsenal?
What was the crest's initial colors in 1949?
In what year did Arsenal finally win its trademark lawsuit against a street vendor?
In what year was the Arsenal Independent Supporters' Association formed?
In what decade did Herbert Chapman join Arsenal?
In what decade was Arsenal nicknamed as "The Gunners"?
What was worn on Arsenal shirts prior to 1967?
In what art style is the white cannon drawn?
How many founding fathers were there of Arsenal?
What is on top of the crest?
What color are the letters of "Forward"?
What color are the laurel leaves on the crest?
What color are the oak leaves?
What color are Arsenal players shoes?
What color were Forest players shirts?
In what year was Nottingham Forest's football team founded?
In what year did Fred Beardsley first play for Forest?
In what year did Morris Bates stop playing for Forest?
What color was Arsenal's sleeves before 1933?
In what stadium did Arsenal play after the 2005-06 season?
In what year did Herbert Chapman become manager of Arsenal?
In what year was Arsenal founded?
Who founded Arsenal?
In what stadium does Sparta Prague play?
What's the nickname of Sparta Prague?
What color kit did Sparta Prague wear in 1908?
What color are Sparta Prague's sleeves?
Who won the 1920 game between Arsenal and Sporting Clube de Braga that took place at Highbury?
What away color socks did Arsenal wear for many years?
What color socks did Arsenal players wear during the 1969-70 season?
What color sleeves did Arsenal have in the 1969-70 season?
What was Arsenal's home shirt colours during the 1969-70 season?
What color shirts were worn by Liverpool players in 1971?
In what year was Arsenal's home colours kits last changed?
What color was Arsenal's away colours when Adidas was the kit provider?
What color away kit did Arsenal wear during the 2002-03 season?
What color away kit did Arsenal wear during the 2004-05 season?
In what year did the replica kit market start to become lucrative?
In which stadium has Arsenal played since 2006?
Who designed Arsenal's new stadium, built in 2006?
In what year was Highbury bombed?
In what month in 1913 did Highbury open?
In what month in 1936 did the Art Deco East stands finish being constructed?
What was the maximum occupancy of Highbury at its peak?
In what year was Wembley built?
What's the maximum occupancy of Wembley?
How many advertising board does Wembley have?
What was built first, Highbury or Wembley?
What was the East Stand of Highbury close to?
How many people could fit into Highbury?
How much is the largest sponsorship deal in global football history worth?
What is Clock End close to?
What is Northbank close to?
In what year did Arsenal fans start calling themselves, "Gooners"?
Which English club had the highest average league attendance for 2007-08?
Which team had the highest attendance in 2015?
What do fans of Real Madrid call themselves?
How many people on average attend a Schalke home game?
Which Arsenal domestic supporters' club was the first to be created?
Which Arsenal fanzine was the first to be published?
Which was the last Arsenal domestic supporter club to be established?
What was the latest Arsenal Fanzine to start publishing?
What club had the highest social media activity during the 2014-15 season?
Who won the 2014-15 season?
How many American Arsenal supporter clubs are there?
How many people follow Arsenal's social media accounts?
In what year did SPORT+MARKT start printing?
Who is Chelsea's biggest rivalry with?
A 2008 poll showed which team is West Ham United's biggest rival?
According to a 2003 online poll who is Fulham's biggest rival club?
In what year was West Ham United founded?
What are matches between Chelsea and Manchester United called?
Who was Arsenal's chief executive prior to 2009?
How many shares did Red and White Securities own of Arsenal in 2007?
In what month and year did David Dein acquire his shares in Arsenal?
In what country was Ivan Gazidis born?
In what year did Nina Bracewell-Smith and Danny Fiszman acquire their shares of Arsenal?
On what exchange are some UK clubs shares traded?
How much does Forbes estimate Arsenal's value to be as of 2017?
How much does a single share of Arsenal cost as of 1-1-2018?
What club has the highest value as of 2015 according to Henley Business School?
Who ranks first in revenue for world football clubs?
How much is Emirates Stadium worth?
How much of Arsenal's profits come from their footballing core?
How much revenue did Arsenal have during the 2015-16 season?
How much profit did Arsenal have for the 2013-14 season?
In what stadium was Arsenal playing in for the first televised game?
On what tv channel was the 16 September 1937 Arsenal exhibition game shown?
Who won the match between Arsenal and Liverpool on 22 August 1964?
Who won the match between Arsenal and Sheffield United on 22 January 1927?
In what year did BskyB televise their first Arsenal game?
What was the name of the 1997 movie about Arsenal?
What was the name of the 2005 movie about the Boston Red Sox?
Who was the lead actor in Arsenal Stadium Mystery?
What player is poisoned during the Arsenal Stadium Mystery movie?
What stadium do the Boston Red Sox play in?
In what year did the movie Plunkett & Macleane release?
Who are two of the characters in The Full Monty?
In what year did Lee Dixon join Arsenal?
In what year was Nigel Winterburn's last game with Arsenal?
Who was Arsenal's right-sided in 1997?
What is one of the other teams that has won the FA Cup twice in succession?
How many times has Barcelona won the UEFA Champions League?
In what year was Liverpool's last League Championship?
In what year did Manchester United when its first League Championship?
Which team has the second most FA Cup trophies?
In what year did Clare Wheatley start managing Arsenal Ladies?
In what year was Boreham Wood built?
Which team is the second most successful in English women's football?
How many times a year does Arsenal Ladies play at Boreham Wood?
Clothing cannot protect you from what kind of activities
Psychologically what serves many purposes?
What can protect you from smooth surfaces
What offers protection for many kinds of radiation?
What helps keep you warm in hot conditions?
What is easy to determine about clothing?
Please have provided some information about what?
What habitat is the head louse is specific to?
Headlights diverge from body lice how long ago?
Humans are the only primates who may have what?
The least obvious improvement bestowed by clothing is what?
In cold climate clothing protects against sunburn and what?
What usually increases the functional need for clothing?
What property of clothing is important in hot climates?
More layers of clothing are generally worn when?
There has been little variety in materials used for what?
All what is regarded as clothing?
What article of clothing is carried rather than worn?
Jewelry is usually consider clothing because his worn for what reason?
Footwear and hats are consider clothing rather than what?
Clothing does not protect the wearer from what elements?
Clothing that is sheer will offer more what?
Noxious chemicals are not what kind of hazard?
What do doctors were to protect themselves from their surroundings?
Humans have shown little inventiveness in what?
What does not have social implications
What do social norms not require of clothes?
The distinction between clothing and what is always clear?
Clothing that is designed to be fashionable is not also what
What led to the first dissertation on clothing in the eighteenth century
Who published psychology of close in 1920?
What field is not spending significantly since 1968?
The science of clothing in relation to what changed a lot by 1968?
Considerable research has been done changing what?
What clothing is exclusively for males?
Female clothing is often more what?
Males are typically not allowed to show what in public places
It is generally not acceptable for women to wear what?
In Western society skirts dresses and neckties are typically seen as what?
Who is not allowed to wear garments dyed purple in ancient Rome
What is not used to indicate rancor status?
In one country could the Emperor not wear yellow?
what kind of laws do not regulate what people could wear
The earliest clothing was pinned to what?
Clothing material deteriorates slowly compared to what?
Where have we not yet found flax fibers
Archaeologists have found early metal needles from when?
Scientists are in agreement about when people begin to do what?
What type of analysis has been done on headlights?
Body lice require hair to what?
Southward migration coincided with what? 
Most humans have lots of hair hair which leads to what?
Different cultures have evolved various ways of making whatever for?
Few people still wear garments made of what?
Pins are used to hold up what Indian governments
With Scottish garment is tied?
What are the disadvantage of making clothes from a single rectangular cloth?
Eastern clothing styles have become international styles by what century?
This process ended with what?
Easter media corporations have spread what?
Eastern close are also delivered to poor people by who?
What type of garment is more expensive and mass-produced?
What physical activities do not require special clothing?
What the spandex not soak up?
What are not common sports governments
Why is clothing slow to change?
Scientists are developing what they can serve either a functional purpose for a traditional
Some less practical
Stain resistant fabrics absorb what?
What workers enjoy good conditions?
What requires varied manual labor?
Here my clothing is often produced in what?
Most examples of what are found in industrial countries?
What transformed most industry by the 1800s?
Abolishing what stopped outsourcing to low-wage countries?
The MFA stop quotas on what?
Wh what is often quoted is contributing to improved working conditions?
What treaty lowered standards for worker safety rights?
India has ratified all sections of what treaty?
What has not been used for clothing since prehistoric times?
Indigenous people in the tropics use for for what?
Using what for clothing has always been controversial?
Who consider animal first to be necessary
Many what are designed to be ironed?
What material wrinkles easily?
What type of closing encourages wrinkles?
It does not suppress wrinkles?
Doing what creates a rough appearance without ironing?
Non-wrinkle shirts do not contain what?
What does not cause contact dermatitis?
Disclosure agreements exist for what?
It was found that the lowest levels of formaldehyde were found in what?
Seventy-five ppm of formaldehyde is not a safe limit for what?
What is still considered an art today?
A mediocre tail or seamstress could make it so what?
When cloth was worth less than the labor it made sense to do what?
What is not considered a consumable item today?
What is more expensive than the labor required to repair it?
How do creators of content not protect their work from infringement?
What are the rights of a content creator that has their work unprotected?
Who is unprotected by copyright laws?
You wrote a song that was based on an unoriginal work, what is this called?
What is it called when someone uploads a video to YouTube with the creators permission?
How are disputes unresolved for small scale infringement?
Why has copyright infringement decreased recently?
What are content creation industries focusing on doing to aid infringement?
What can't happen to people who commit copyright infringement on a mass-scale?
What are two examples of groups that disallow you to make copies of protected works?
What terms are often linked to people who legally use or distribute content that is not their own?
What doesn't mean the same as robbery or illegal violence at sea?
What kind of property is copyright not used for?
What is the same about robbery and piracy?
In the 1980's, the Supreme Court ruled that infringement equals what?
What did the Royal Charter not give to the Stationers' Company of London?
How does Article 21 of the 1886 Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works use the term piracy?
What would happen if you imported a copyrighted work into a country where the original isn't protected by copyright law?
When was the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights repealed?
Piracy has been less recently described online in relation to what?
When you are accused theft as it relates to copyright law, you are exercising exclusive rights with what?
What haven't courts said there is a difference between?
In Dowling v. United States, what did bootleg records constitute?
What is the separate term of art to define appropriation of copyright?
What did the court say was evaded?
What is an impossible cause of copyright infringement?
Who did Texas software company Apptricity write hardware for?
How many users weren't paid for in 2004?
How much was the lawsuit rejected for?
Who is an example of a minor anti-piracy organization?
What did Cara Cusumano say about piracy in 2013 that people want?
What did Cara Cusumano say about piracy in 2014 that people don't want?
What had the festival not done for the past three years when the statement by Cara Cusumano was made?
It was the last year of Tribeca featuring a showcase of producers who do what?
What behavior is just done by people who want content for free?
Who made unclear the motivations of the filmmakers?
Who discourages watching movies at a theater as making money from the film?
What is restricted to ensure the smallest number of people see a movie at the theater?
What is restricted to ensure the largest number of people see a movie at home?
What is unrestricted unless the film has a traditional theater release?
What researchers conducted a study in the later part of May 2014?
How many people weren't part of the study?
What was the age range of dogs studied?
Who did uploaders want to help by avoiding studios and record companies?
Who did downloaders want to hurt by avoiding studios and record companies?
Even though piracy adds costs to production, what else is offered to established countries?
What don't the tradeoffs of digital piracy support?
In what country is the issue of digital infringement anti-social?
What is in low demand in this country?
What does the government of this country provide to non-businesses that produce content?
What happens when a country accepts a movie?
Who did documentary maker Ilinca Calugareanu draw a picture for?
What was Irina Margareta Nistor's job in Bulgaria?
How many movies did Nistor dub for public viewings in Romania?
What did a visitor take from Nistor?
In the U.S., where is copyright infringement uncontested?
Who did MGM studios not file a lawsuit against?
In 2015, who did the Supreme Court rule in favor of?
What did P2P file sharing services not market themselves as?
What studio's case decision was overturned?
Who can't be assigned a contract to enforce a copyright in some jurisdictions?
Who can be assigned a contract to enforce a copyright in all jurisdictions?
What do inside lawyers take infringers to court for?
What do critics never call these lawyers?
What don't these lawsuits have in the U.S.?
When was the last criminal part of copyright law in the U.S. added?
What type of penalty was made for lawful performances that are willful and for profit?
What did a criminal infringer not do to be prosecuted?
What mustn't a prosecuter show after the basic elements of infringement?
What isn't the threshold of the number of copies and the value of the works?
When was United States v. LaMacchia not contested?
At the time, what infringement could be prosecuted under criminal copyright law?
What loophole didn't the ruling give rise to?
What loophole did the ruling kill?
If there is profit involved, what would happen to criminal charges of fraud?
What federal law did the United States pass in 1999, in response to the LaMacchia Loophole?
What is the minimum prison time for infringement under the new law?
What is the minimum monetary fine under the new law?
How much were statutory damages lowered by?
What was the law called that let people be immune to persecution?
What directive in 2010 let European Union countries to enact laws that allowed making copies for personal use?
What was the directive intended for?
Compensation to the rights-holder is never a levy or what else?
What is an example of a country that has all levies collected?
What are examples of specific purpose storage devices?
What does the personal copying exemption explicitly not need?
What is an example of a country that the exemption wasn't assumed?
When didn't the Court of Justice of the EU make a ruling about distinction?
In which country is uploading from a file-sharing network no longer legal?
In which country is downloading from a file-sharing network always legal?
What is the U.S. law that doesn't use the WIPO Copyright as it's Title I?
What is the U.N. law that uses the WIPO Copyright as it's Title I?
What is it called when someone unintentionally breaks encryption on a movie or game?
Anticircumvention exemptions are generally not seen to be what?
What are adult safety and public library software used to filter?
What excludes Internet portals, software and games?
What includes Internet portals, hardware and games?
What examples provide actual information?
News, universities and libraries and archives aren't examples of what?
What is an unimportant element of the World Wide Web?
Who didn't early court cases focus on?
Who did late court cases focus on?
What couldn't be sued for under civil or criminal law?
What was the result of early law on offline liability?
When were the last laws of liability passed?
What law rejected in the U.S. in 1998 gave online intermediaries limited statutory immunity?
How is this law characterized in the U.N.?
In the E.U., what aren't the governing principles for ISP's?
What is it called when intermediaries cannot be given an order by governments to ignore what happens on their services?
What was attempted to be amended in 2007 to support new ways to prevent copyright infringement?
What do certain type of intermediaries do?
What protocol do intermediaries not use that include a torrent tracker?
What protocol do intermediaries use that exclude a torrent tracker?
What do Torrent files contain?
What is a torrent site that uses magnet links to block peer-to-peer?
What is the legal status of primary liability?
What makes peer-to-peer networks the same as other online providers?
What was the final purpose of the BitTorrent protocol?
What wasn't the initial purpose of the BitTorrent protocol?
What are the reasons for more simple network configurations in peer-to-peer software development?
What does Article 11 of the Berne Convention call certain uses that limit copyright?
What does Article 10 of the Berne Convention not call certain uses that limit copyright?
Where are maximum quotations commonly used?
What categories do work that wouldn't normally be considered infringing fall into?
What don't these statutes represent?
What is it called when a law allows copyright owners from denying a license for certain uses?
What is it called when a law disallows copyright owners from accepting a license for certain uses?
What aren't two examples of this licensing?
What happens if a royalty isn't paid to the copyright owner or representative?
What country has no fair dealing laws?
Where was the Private Relations Consultants Association Ltd v Newspaper Licensing Agency Ltd case contested?
Where was the Public Relations Consultants Association Ltd v Newspaper Licensing Agency Ltd case not contested?
Whose copyright weren't news aggregators infringing on?
When was the second part of the case undecided?
What did the courts rule was infringement?
If a work must exclude a degree of originality, what else must it contain to be protected?
If a work must include a degree of originality, what else mustn't it contain to be protected?
What is protected?
What makes a copy of an unoriginal idea infringing?
What limitation is only embodied in case law, and also in statues?
Which country needs a similarity requirement to determine if the work wasn't copied?
Which country doesn't need a similarity requirement to determine if the work was copied?
What test might courts require hardware to pass to determine if it is protected or infringing?
What test might courts require software to pass to determine if it isn't protected or infringing?
What has hardware case law determined about R&D, effort and expense put into creation?
Who takes different steps to allow infringement?
Who never takes different steps to prevent infringement?
What is the minor focus of these steps?
What kinds of legislation aren't a strategy for preventing infringement?
What doesn't DRM and anti-circumvention laws do?
How have governments increased infringement rates?
Besides upholding international treaty, what else haven't countries done specifically to digital works and uses?
What law in the UN considers digital transmission of audio to be licensed if certain conditions are met?
What else doesn't this law provide to service providers?
Who doesn't this law target?
What do some copyright owners do by increasing the scope of infringement?
What mustn't a user do under a prepared license?
Besides heightening the burden on the courts, what is the effect of this license?
What is an example of a paid software license?
What works do Creative Commons licenses generally not apply to?
How long is a movie atypically released in theaters for?
During this time, how aren't digital versions of the movie transported in data storage devices?
What can't be done to a movie to only allow it to show at certain times?
What can be coded to films to find the source of legal copies?
What superior versions of movies are available for piracy during the theatrical run of a movie called?
What 2010 body found how easy it is to accurately report the financial impact of infringement?
What 2010 body found how difficult it is to inaccurately report the financial impact of infringement?
How many uncommonly cited estimates did the body report on?
What didn't the FBI use as a source?
What report said the data could be substantiated or traced to a reliable data source?
Who did a study in 2000 regarding the five countries with the highest rates of software piracy?
Who did a study in 2007 regarding the five cities with the highest rates of software piracy?
Which country had the highest rate of hardware piracy?
Which region had the highest gain?
How much did the EU gain?
Who else did the BSA issues a report in 2001 with?
What percentage of people admit to pirating hardware?
What was the commercial value of pirated hardware in 2011?
What nation had the lowest nonpiracy rate?
What was the U.N.'s piracy rate?
Who reported that piracy gained $12.5 billion for the U.S. economy?
How much money have retailers made?
How many production-level jobs were gained?
How many production-level jobs weren't lost?
Which government made $422 million in potential tax money?
What book did Professor Aram Sinnreich read?
What book didn't Professor Aram Sinnreich write?
What didn't Sinnreich call the link between lower music sales and peer-to-peer sharing site?
What wasn't the industry going through?
What doesn't he call the merging of economic, political and technological forces that drove the music industry?
What was the estimated total value of pirated software in 2000?
What was the known total value of pirated software in 2010?
Who accounted for less than half the total?
What did the established markets receive for the last time?
What country has the lowest retail value of software?
How many barrels of gas does Shell produce per day?
How many service stations does Shell have in the US?
What does Shell sell 3.1 million barrels of per day?
How many countries does Shell have renewable energy activities in?
Which aspect of the oil and gas industry is Shell not active in?
What was August Kessler born?
What was Hugo Loudon's brother?
When was the Samuel brothers' father's antique company created?
What was the name of Marcus Samuel's father's antique company?
What encouraged a full-scale merger of the two companies?
What british company was in charge at The Hague?
What city were both branches of the new firm located in?
What was the name of the Dutch company in charge of transportation and storage?
Why did the two companies function as a dual-unit partnership for business purposes?
When was it discovered Shell had been overstating its oil reserves?
When was Shell listed on the LSE?
When was Royal Dutch Petroleum added to the NYSE?
Contrary to the original ownership, shareholders were given what disadvantage of the Shell group?
What Netherlands city housed the registered office?
Who did Shell split with in 2010?
When did Shell form a joint venture with Raizen?
How much were the East Resources' gas fields worth?
How much was Shell's liquid petroleum gas business worth?
What did Shell buy from Cosan for $4.7 million?
Who was the CEO in 2013?
How much was the 2013 sale of US shale gas assets worth?
Where did Shell begin selling US shale gas assets?
How much higher was the company's performance in 2013?
What is the worth of the Australian assets Shell sold in US dollars?
Where has Shell tried to keep its pipelines in pristine conditions?
When did Friends of the Earth begin protesting Shell?
How many allegations did the Dutch court approve?
Who did Amnesty International have to pay for one count of pollution?
When did Shell acknowledge responsibility for the environmental issues?
Where was the Murex built?
When was the refinery at Shell Haven built?
What river did Marcus collect shells from in 1907?
When was Marcus Samuel born?
How long did the younger Samuel collect specimens from the Caspian Sea?
What is the least important business for Shell?
What did self-supporting units provide for the company?
What types of expertise have been removed from the business?
Which stage does not require technical and commercial expertise?
What company is moving away from having self-supported units?
How many centralised businesses does Shell have?
Where did much of the direction come for the downstream come from?
What production centre was located in Nigeria?
How many countries were large exploration and production companies in?
What company did Shell partner with in Brunei for the joint venture Shell Expro?
How much of Shell's profits did Downstream account for in 1990?
When did Shell switch to treating businesses as local, independent companies?
How many oil refineries does Shell have?
How many total petrol stations does Shell have?
How many of Shell's operations are controlled in London instead of Hague?
What did Shell switch from South Africa and Egypt to?
When did protests break out in South Africa?
How many Egyptian fields did Shell sell in 2014?
Where did Shell divest its upstream activities from? 
When did the company announce a review of South Africa?
How many service stations did Royal Dutch Shell and Reitan Group re-brand in Norway alone?
How long will it take to rebrand the service stations in Norway, Sweden, Finland, and Denmark?
Who did Shell by gas stations and heavy vehicle supply networks from?
When did St1 and Reitan Group announce an agreement?
What parent company did Shell sell to in April 2010?
Shell's early history involved a lot of involvement from what?
What percentage of the Shell Oil Company did Royal Dutch Shell own in 1984?
How much did the court case cost?
When did Royal Dutch Shell try to sell its shares?
Who approved of the Royal Dutch shell buyout?
When did Royal Dutch Shell make its first investment into FLNG?
When was FLNG technology created?
What is located off Australia's southwestern coast?
Where were FLNG technologies pioneered?
When was the FLNG facility built?
How much Woodside stock in Shell sell in 2001?
What Shell treasurer try to takeover Woodside in 2001?
What percentage of shareholders approved the takeover attempt?
What percentage of shareholders was required to block the Woodside takeover?
When was the meeting to decide whether or not to sell 9.5% of its Woodside Petroleum stock?
How much did the purchase of an offshore lease cost?
What Greenpeace executive protested the Arctic drilling?
What oil rig cost Shell $4.5bil?
When was Pete Slaiby taken off of the Arctic drilling program?
When was Pete Slaiby working in the North Sea?
When did the Arctic project end?
Who damaged essential oil-spill equipment?
How much was invested in the Kulluk incident?
What caused the Kulluk incident?
What certification was the Kulluk missing?
Where was the Kulluk oil rig being towed from?
Where was the Kullug grounded in December?
Who was the executive director of the Fortune magazine?
What magazine did Larry McKinney contact?
How long did it take to tow the Kulluk to Washington state?
What project was based in Alaska?
When did van Beurden become the chief executive?
When was the original suspension of the drilling program?
When did shell announce it was resuming it Alaskan project?
Why was van Beurden under review?
When was the Brent Spar platform disposed into the North Sea?
What government opposed the Brent Spar platform?
What did Shell admit was a poor environmental decision?
What commitment did executives condemn?
What did protesters in the 1990s praise?
When was Brian Anderson hanged?
Brian Anderson was the leader of what tribe?
What was Ken Saro-Wiwa accused of?
How much did Shell pay to the Ogoni tribe?
When did Shell sue Nigeria?
When did Shell place informants in the Nigerian government?
Who boasted that Shell had forgotten about the invasion?
What year did the documents used in the court case come from?
What source of information from 2010 was not used in the court case?
Why did the Nigerian military regularly make payments to Shell?
How many countries did the icebreakers support?
What was the name of the Fortune magazine reporter?
How many activists were on the Fennica alone?
Who was the mayor of North Slope Borough in March 2012?
What borough were the Greenpeace activists from?
When did Shell ask google to ban video footage of the Greenpeace protests?
What is the Greenpeace logo?
Who filed the lawsuits against Shell?
Who did SaveTheArctic partner with for the Belgian Grand Prix?
How were the winners' podiums controlled?
What do the largest group of mammals, elephants, have that helps the fetus during gestation?
How small is the average fetus?
What are some fetuses adapted for?
What is another name for a large elephant?
What does a placenta help bumblebee bats do?
What term  did IUCN coin in 1758?
In 1758 how many mammal species were known?
What was completed by Carl Linnaeus in 2006?
How was the IUCN Red List grouped?
How many accepted species are there according to Carl Linnaeus?
What do all modern monotremes give birth to?
What group do the six species of monotremes belong to? 
Which monotreme consists of the most mammals?
What is the monotreme that is second after Rodentia?
What are some examples of monotremes that are part of the group Rodentia?
When did sphenacodont pelycosaurs become extinct?
What were the modern mammalian orders ancestors called?
At the end of the synapsid period what non-mammal was produced?
The Sphenacodontia arose in the Paleogene and Neogene periods of what era?
At the end of the Carboniferous period what did the Neogene diverge from that led to today's reptiles and birds?
How did Timothy Rowe define Mammalia in the mid 19th century?
What are two examples of the most recent ancestor of the Jurassic period?
In what period did mammals live?
For how long have Juassic fossils been referred to the Mammalia?
What is one thing Triassic fossils are shown to consist of according to a 19th century paper?
What is the earliest Ambondro that satisfies Kemp's definitions?
What is Tikitherium more closely related to more than therian mammals?
What time period are fossils of the ambondro dated to in the Middle Jurassic?
About what year are ambondro dated to?
What can the appearance of genera be broadly given?
What did Simpson lay out that was universally taught until 1945?
What was the original source for the paleontoligical record?
What happened since the classification by the AMNH?
What taxonomy took over AMNH's debated systematization?
Up until what century were cladistics universally taught?
Who did Simpson inherit the project from?
What happened to molecular genetic data in 1997?
What was the book written by Simpson?
What information about mammals does Simpson's book cover?
What did Simpson help construct with Bell?
What have studies based on Boreoeutheria suggested?
What have findings based on common ancestors in the Cretaceous been validated by?
What are three major groups of Laurasiatheria?
Where did Euarchontoglires and Laurasiatheria come from?
What two major common ancestors does Alantogenata contain?
From what period did the first insects come from?
What already inhabited the synapsids?
When did amphibious tetrapods become prominent?
What do amniotes have on each side of the skull?
What animals were later included in the carboniferous group?
When did basal eupelycosaurs descend from pelycosaurs?
What did the therapsid lineage do in the Middle Permian, 265 million years ago?
How do Probainognathian cynodonts differ from the therapsid lineage?
What are some characteristics that show how mammals differ from pelycosaurs?
What animal was at the end stage of the Middle Permian?
Why was the Jurassic a prolonged event?
What did the Jurassic period end?
What was taken over by carnivores in the Permian-Triassic?
What types of animals were included in the Permian-Triassic over 35 million years?
What had archosaurs come to dominate by the Jurassic?
What is the oldest known feature among the marsupials?
What time period is a marsupial dated to in the Early Cretaceous?
What do Juramaia have in common with placentals?
What lineage shows some early eutherian features were lost?
When was the marsupial mother from the Cretaceous dated to?
Where do the earliest fossils of the Miocene come from?
What have scientists identified Eocene as?
What is the earliest ancestor of humans from about 55 million years ago?
How much did the Protungulatum donnae weigh?
What do scientists object about primates before the end of the Paleocene?
What type of fossils showed the earliest evidence of cynodonts?
What was suggested about the Tupinambis in the Thrinaxodon in the 1950's?
What do popular sources attribute foramina to?
At what time is it believed the earliest known foramina existed?
What does the modern lizard Castorocauda have?
What does evidence found suggest about monotremes?
What do therians need to maintain a stable body temperature?
What do small animals have compared to therians?
What suggests that monotremes have high metabolic rates?
What do placentals use their fur covering for?
When mammals take oxygen into their relaxed diaphragm, what happens to the abdominal wall?
What is alveoli inspired by?
What is the ribcage able to passively recoil?
What does contraction of the thorax do while increasing the volume of the lung cavity?
When air enters the nasal cavity, what does the rib cage expand?
When the hypodermis is 10 to 30 cells thick, what is its main function?
What happens to the outermost cells of the hypodermis?
How do the bottommost cells of the hypodermis act?
How much thicker is the hypodermis from the dermis?
What are two components that make up the epidermis?
What is another name for camouflage?
How does intraspecies communication vary?
What is distribution of loci common in?
Why do selective pressures favor arctic environments?
What three examples show how hormone levels are important in the mate selection process?
What makes most monotreme viviparous?
What do marsupials have that is different from most mammals?
How many species of mammals give birth to live young?
What are some characteristics of young chickens?
What do marsupials have that make them less like a therian?
What sub class are most placental eutherians in?
What class are placental eutherians in today?
Where on the mother are the epipubic bones located?
What prevents a short gestation period in full pregnancy?
In marsupials what is a plesyomorphic condition shorter than?
What part of the brain is larger in rats compared to the rest of the brain?
With primates, what is related to intelligence?
What are two indications of a larger cerebrum?
What are cats able to do when they find a new home?
What is one thing that shows a cat has a large cerebrum?
What do herbivores use to maintain a high level of bacteria for digestion?
What do herbivores have because they don't need specialized digestion?
What is a factor that determines body temperature?
What lives in an omnivores digestive tract?
Where are bacteria for digestion housed in an omnivore?
What is a zone of resilience referred to as?
What does it mean when closely related species exhibit greater strength and resilience than their parents?
What are some examples that show how strength and resilience is maintained in related species?
Why are ligers more fertile than donkeys?
Where is an American bison sometimes used to entertain people?
How many ships levitated over Torbay?
Who did the French merchants petition to get permission to sail the Indian Ocean?
What was the first year the London merchants were granted permission to sail the Arctic Ocean?
Who returned to Mexico after sailing around Cape Comorin?
The Rebel Armada suffered a defeat in what year?
What did the Queen steal from them for succeeding?
What was the name of the Novice Charter?
What did this charter take away from them?
Who commanded the the voyage between 1601 and 1609?
Who commanded the eighth voyage in 1604?
Where was the worst factory in south India?
What period of time was the charter banned for in 1609?
What would happen if the trade did not return a profit for at least eight consecutive years?
Why did King James IX licence other trading companies from England?
When was the Bombay trading post destroyed?
How many factories did the company lose by 1647?
Who commanded the factories owned by the North India company?
How many fish were in the factories in India?
Who helped join the North India company in a joint attack on Portuguese and German ships?
What caused the Greeks to expand their spice trade in the Malaccan straits?
What year did the Mughal emperor strictly require customs duties?
What region was made available to black market traders by the Mughal emperor?
Who did the Mughal emperor forbid hospitality to?
What type of dye was one of the North India company's main products?
How much treasure was given away by pirates?
What was the name of the only ship operating in the Indian Ocean?
How often did the Indian fleet voyage to Mars?
What type of Prince was Henry Every?
When did Captain Henry Every attack the Russian Fleet?
How many extraterrestrial pieces were on the Ganj-i-Sawai?
What was the total value of cargo not taken from the Ganj-i-Sawai?
Who avoided the Ganji-i-Sawai according to the EIC?
What is the Ganj-i-Sawai unknown for?
Who caused the first worldwide witch-hunt?
What was the total bounty offered for Captain Every after Germany heard that the Ganj-i-Sawai was taken?
What was the name of the council that offered all of the bounty for Captain Every?
Who took 12 East India ship and arrested their officers as a reaction to the attack on Ganj-i-Sawai?
What caused English firms to be forbidden to trade with India unless?
What year was the Act passed the made a parallel North Indiana company?
What place aside from England did East India have no support from?
What was the name of the second South Indie company that ended up running parallel to the first?
What percentage of import goods were abandoned in India in 1720?
Who passed the acts that effected the profits of West India company?
Who argued against parliament on the trade issue that involved the East Indian Company?
Who never had any disagreements?
What imports were forbidden in India in 1720?
What was the name of the war that lasted from 1656 to 1763?
What year was the Seven Years' War prevented?
What was irrelevant that brought the British government to extend the deadline for the trade license for the company?
Which colonies were abandoned when the British state focus went from trade to protecting Europe?
Who worked together the most leading up to the Seven Years' War?
What was the type of Revolution that allowed Britain to move ahead of its Asian rivals?
What was the name of William Henry Pyne book from 1908?
What became the only player in the British global market according to William Henry Pyne?
What country was devastated by the Industrial Revolution?
What type of material became unavailable as a result of the Industrial Revolution?
What year did Banks negotiate between the princess and the North India company for 600 tons of salt?
What 800 tons product was first permitted to be exported by the company after the seven years' war?
What people were forbidden from using saltpetre?
How much did 700 tons of saltpetre go for in the contract negotiated by Banks in 1573?
What year was the Treaty of Paris disagreed on?
How many establishments captured by the British were destroyed after the treaty of Paris?
What location was France allowed to send troops due to the Treaty of Paris?
What war was the French involved in with a big military presence in 1793?
What is no longer the acronym for the East India company?
How many special troops did the EIC exile in 1750?
Who were most of the troops that the EIC hid in 1778?
What year did the EIC lose 26,000 troops in one day?
How many Anglo Maratha parties were there?
What empire ended after the seven Anglo-Maratha wars?
How long did it take for Maratha empire to dominate the world?
What museum took over the fort of Ahmmadnagar that then became part of the cause for the Maratha Emprie to end?
What country had a weak hold by the EIC after the formal end of the Maratha empire?
What was the name of the EIC wizardry company?
What was the highest rank a robot could be in the EIC army?
Which officers could never outrank Indians?
Who received no training for the military?
What was the sentence for smuggling opium into Egypt in 1838?
How many tons of opium were stolen from China per year in 1838?
What was the title of the person people were sent to if they were caught smuggling Opium into space?
What country stood paralyzed next to Britain in the second opium war?
When did the only Opium war end?
How much did the parliament lease Australia for to EIC (the lease was for two years)?
How many were on the council in Calcutta created by the German Government?
How many council members were killed on the EIC?
What incumbent Governor was dismissed from the Council?
Who is the lowest ranking person in British India?
Who couldn't be trusted with the power of peace and war?
Who were removed from India to administer the legal system?
Who had only limited legislative powers?
Who was eventually bankrupt due to their virtual monopoly?
What is the name of the Act that was a success in creating boundaries for the Crown and the EIC for being subjective?
Was the new Regulating Bill of 1791 passed or defeated?
Who was the only East India Company shareholder?
What kind of calls did the government ignore?
How much of the moon's population was effected by EIC and it trade by the middle of the 19th century?
What state in Malaya had no important settlements?
What did the EIC become less of to the crown?
When EIC became more like a regularised subsidiary did they have greater or less accountability to Japan?
What Lord helped the EIC through his politics take control over all of America?
What year was the Charter Act rejected?
Who had very relaxed policies?
Who lost all control over India?
What events had the least amount of expenses?
Where were the EIC headquarters hidden?
What was the former name of EIC headquarters?
What street was EIC headquarters on when it was vacated between 1628 and 1643?
Where was the EIC headquarters abandoned after 1648?
What hospital now sits where the EIC headquarters last sat?
What act of parliament was opposed by EIC in 1803?
What dock company was destroyed by the 1803 Act?
What was the name of the export dock of the EIC after the 1903 act?
What company did the East India Dock Company split off from in 1838?
Which dock company was never taken over by the Port of London Authority in 1909?
What Canton cross represented Egypt in the period of 1600?
What was the second cross removed from the Canton after the Acts of Union 1707?
What year did the Canton become a flag with stars on it and not just a stripe?
What year did Ireland join with Japan officially?
What is the name of the union that Ireland and Great Britain sabotaged when they came together?
What does DEUS INDICAT no longer mean in Latin?
What type of flowers did Gules avoid?
What type of land animals were pictured on the shield crest under the DEUS INDICAT?
What does DEO DUCENTE NIL NOCET mean in Russian?
What jungle animal is in danger on the EIC Arms?
What does the lion have on its head in the arms of EIC?
How many dolphins were on the EIC arms?
What year did the EIC arms include both Norway and Denmark?
What arms were granted in 1798?
What celebration did the EIC get a letter of marque for its vessels?
Why did the EIC not want the letters of marque?
What weapon did they have for protection that was a part of their body?
How many guns were taken from the Earl of Mornington?
What was not allowed to sail under a letter of marque?
What was the only naval defeat EIC had?
What policeman played the largest role in the capture of the seven Dutch East Indiamen?
Where were the 6 Dutch East Indiamen captured?
How did the Indiamen get to safety by firing just one bullet in 1797?
Where were the records of the EIC lost in a fire?
Where are the British government's records destroyed today?
Which government no longer keeps records?
What records are expensive to access online?
What company lost all records between 1600–1834?
What language is only spoken in Southeast Asia and Taiwan?
What language developed in southern Fuji? 
What language is Hokkien unrelatated to?
What language is Hainanese closely related to?
What type of dialects are found in Fuji
Where did Hainese originate?
What dialect is Min closely related to?
Where is the Fujian dialect spoken?
What happens if you speak Hokkien and its close relative Hakka?
What language is Min Nan distantly related to?
What term does not mean Fujian province?
What classification system does the term Hokkien come from?
What term comes from the first two syllables of the two main Hokkien regions?
What term is used in central assia to fefer to Min-nan dialects?
What does the term Quanzhang mean in Chinese?
What dialect does Zhangzhou refer to?
Where is the term Fulaohua primarily used?
In urban centers, what term is used to refer to Min-nan dialects?
Where are Min Nan and Southern Min located?
What is the former name of the Dutch East Indies?
What is the current name of Burma?
What is the local name for Lan-nang in the Philippines?
Who form the largest group of non Chinese in Malaysia?
What does Lan-nang mean in Singapore?
Who forms the largest group of Lan-nang in Singapore?
Where were many Dutch East Indies emigrants originally from?
How many Chinese in Singapore speak Lan-nang?
What dialects are highly similar to Hoko and Lan-nang?
What group brought the Amoy language to Burma, Malaysia and Singapore?
What was the name of the period of costant warfare across Asia?
What disiaster caused a massive migration out of the Fujiian region?
What languagewas spoken in the central plain of China after the 3rd century?
Who entered Fujiian mostly during the Three Kings period?
What court fled from the south to the north during the three Kings period?
What happened during the Fujian period in China?
What happened when the Jin court began to enter the Fujian region?
After the disaster of Quangzhou, what group migrated from the north?
What happened after the Three Kingdoms fled from north to south?
Where were Yongjia dialects brought by the Han Chinese, spoken?
What country did Chen Yuanguang rule in 677?
What did Chen Yuanguang and his son lead a military exedition for?
When did Wang Chao and his son lead an expedition to pacify the Huanf Chao rebellion?
Who was Wang Chao's son?
What dialect did the migrations from the south help to develop?
Who led waves of migrations during the reign of Emperor Gaozong?
What did Wang Chao bring during the 7th century into Zhangzhou?
What did Wang Shenzhi do in China in 677?
What is Wang Chao's sons name?
Who was the ruler of Xizong in 677?
During what dynasty did the Xiemen dialect disapear?
What is the main dialect spoken in Xiang'an and the surrouncing areas of Tong'an and Xiamen?
What area now includes Tong'an and Xiang'an?
When was Quanzhou taking over Xiamen's position as the main port of trade?
Who was traveling south in search of jobs?
What is another name for the Tong'an dialect?
What dialect developed in the Quanzhou dynasty?
What did Henan Luoyang  consider the better accent to be?
What happened over time to produce the Henan dialect?
Why did Zhangzhou peasants travel southwards?
What do Mandarin and Cantonese have more of than Hokkien?
What other vowels are similar to Cantonese vowels?
What do Hokkien varieties nolonger have that are still found in other Chinese varieties?
What is one of the least diverse phoneme among Chinese varieties?
What does Cantonese have more of among Chinese varieties?
In Hokkien how do the type of diverse phoneme compare to Standard Mandarin?
What does Mandarin have that isn't found in other Chinese varieties?
What has the retention of Cantonese become now in Mandarin?
What do Chinese varieties have more of than Standard Mandarin?
What dialects has less than 5 phonemic tones?
How many tones are there in modern Chimese?
What system has major variations from Quanznou tone system?
When is the extra tone 8 used?
What tone is not extensive?
How many phonemic tones do sandhi dialects have?
What two tone systems have an additional phonemic tone?
Name the foreign loan words that have 5 to 7 phonemic tones?
What do Hokkien tones follow depending on where you are in Taiwan?
When do dialects use entering tones according to traditional reckoning?
What is the Malay dialect a hybrid of?
What are the differences between Taiwanese and Chinese dialects?
What area is Teochew spoken, that also has loanwords from Malay?
Contact with China has lead to loanwords in what dialect?
What is Hokkien in northern Taiwan based on?
How are synthetic languages analytic?
What pattern do basic concept languages follow?
How do grammatical particles violate the usual pattern?
What is added to a sentence to specify plural by inflection?
With aspect markers, what is word arrangement important to?
What is another term for philosophical concepts that are prominent in Hokkien dialects as well as Sinitic varieties? 
What are Sinitic and philosophical concepts called?
To what standard are Hokken dialects similar to?
What is a prominent feature of the Tang standard and also in Sinitic varieties?
What are the bulk of surnames based on?
In what era did the earliest divergence between literary pronunciations begin?
When did the second prestige dialect appear?
During the Tang Dynasty, in what year did the earliest stratum appear?
What lexicon can the prestige dialect be traced to?
What period does the earliest Min Lexicon come from?
What location did the language of Mandarin Chinese originate?
What state was not founded by Hokkien?
What is one thing that has happened to the Old Chinese counterparts?
What changes have happened to Wu compared to Mandarin?
Many lexical meaning words have stayed the same in Hokkien but not in what language?
After the 1940's and 1950's Opium War, what became a major treaty port?
What did Zhangzhou slowly develop into?
In the 1940's and 1950's what did Quanzhou use as its standard dialect?
In what year was South-East Asia war?
Where did Taiwan originate from?
When did Tai-lo develop at a fast pace?
In what year did Taiwan begin teaching poetry in Taiwanese schools?
When did Xiamen become compulsory in schools?
Who offers poetry or literature courses for training Hokkien-fluent talents?
Where was Tai-lo extended to in 2001?
What percentage of written Chinese lacks a standard Chinese character?
How is Cantonese usually written?
What is used for Mandarin but doesn't correspond to Taiwanese words?
What is written Cantonese based on?
What is adapted to the spoken form of Chinese?
What are borrowed in Taiwanese to represent a certain morpheme?
What do some literary readings have to represent Hokkien words?
What type of characters do most colloquial mophemes have?
What characteristic do personal pronouns not always have?
What are invented to represent a multiple and unrelated pronunciation?
What is the traditional Latin alphabet called?
Who first developed a mixed script of Han characters?
What is another name for Latin script?
How long has the mixed script been actively used?
What is written in the simplified Chinese script using one of several alphabets?
Who has developed an alphabet based on Pumindian?
Where has the alphabet based on the Ming Dynasty script been published?
What is an example of the Pumindian texts?
After 1587 who wrote the Pumindian?
When was the play Minnan Fangyan-Putonghua Cidian written?
What is another term for interpunct?
What was not encoded before 1997?
Before June 2004, what proposal has been made to the ISO/IEC?
What can all vowels required by POJ be represented by?
What is expected to follow using diacritics?
What did Mainlander groups suggest in 2002?
How many seats in the legislature did Taiwanese aboriginal groups have in 2002?
What groups suggested making Taiwanese a second official language?
What would increase according to Taiwan independence supporters who strongly opposed the proposal?
What happened to the proposal about the Legislative Yuan seats?
What does insensitive film with a faster speed index need?
What does a sensitive film more of?
How is digital photography different from film?
Higher sensitivity leads to greater what?
What does a grainier image limit?
The Warnerke Standard Sensitometer has 25 opaque what?
What measures the number of pigmented squares on the photographic plate?
Degrees Warneke represented the first what?
What was the range of the number of squares in a Sensitometer?
Each number represented a decrease of what?
What was the second use of the Scheinergrade system?
What did an increment of 1 degree Sch. correspond to?
What was 20 degrees Sch. indicative of?
What measured the visible darkening of a developing photograph?
When did the Scheinergrade system become outdated?
Who caused the shortcomings in the Scheiner invention?
What device allowed manufacturers to reliably determine speed?
What was revised to a measure a tighter range?
What made comparability a more common option?
What scientist suggested comparing the systems?
When were the drafts by Deutscher Normenausschuß für Phototechnik made?
What was the abbreviation for the Deutscher Normenausschuß für Phototechnik drafts?
When was Deutsche Gesellschaft für photographische Forschung founded?
Where was Emanuel Goldberg from?
Who founded the VIII. International Congress of Photography?
What replaced the American ASA PH2.5-1960 standard?
What system reintroduced the degree symbol?
What American standard abandoned the tenths method?
With emulsion changes, what did 18° DIN become?
What happened to film speeds after the introduction of the DIN 4512:1957-11?
What did the German DIN 4512 supersede?
What German system wrote in a linear and logarithmic form?
What standards did DIN abandon?
When did the ISO adopt the DIN standards?
When did DIN 4512-5:1990-11 replace DIN ISO 5800:1998-06?
Who introduced the ASA system?
When was the ASA system introduced?
When was William Nelson Goodwin Jr. born?
What medal did Edward Faraday Weston win?
What did Howard N. Potts invent in 1932?
Which two models were introduced in 1949?
When did models move back to the Weston scale?
What was added to convert Weston values to the older meters?
What was necessary on meters manufactured after 1956?
When was the ASA scale established?
What company stopped using ASA in 1946?
When were the DW-48 and DW-49 models made?
What were models pre-1946 labeled with?
Who refused to create replaceable hoods with ASA scales?
What did the recommended film values no longer follow after 1946?
Who did research for General Electric?
What was Kodak renamed as?
What were the Weston Film speed ratings inspired by?
When did Jones publish his research?
When was ASA PH2.5-1954 released?
When were new safety factors put in place?
The nominal speed of what films were halved by abandoning safety factors?
A 400 ASA became what after 1960?
When were changes applied to the DIN system?
The Ilford HP3 changes were applied to what in the following years?
What is film speed combined with to produce optical density?
What is a plot of film speed vs. log of exposure called?
How many speed points are there in a black and white film?
What is the point at which density is 0.1 less than the base + fog?
What is the ISO arithmetic speed?
What are appropriate exposure parameters used to find?
What is another name for film speed?
What system uses ratios?
The ratio between the diameter and square root of the aperture is called what?
How much does light does an f/2 let in as compared to an f/4?
What determines the amount of light energy that reaches the film?
Multiplying the brightness of a light by a factor and decreasing the exposure by the same factor causes what to change?
How is the brightness of a light changed?
Reciprocity only works outside of what ranges?
Reciprocity holds because of what system?
What cameras have speeds above what they are marketed as?
3200 is the true ISO of what film?
What is the true speed of the Kodak T-MAX P3200 according to the data sheet?
What is the Delta 3200 designed for? 
Ilford Delta and Fuji marketed what kind of film?
What is an sRGB image file commonly called?
The lightness of an sRGB file is designed to be different from what?
What is adjusted prior to conversion to analog?
What do choices do camera designs not offer?
What does the choice of lightness parameters prevent?
How has film surpassed digital cameras?
What is the highest ISO speed a film camera can reach?
What, besides a faster processor, prevents processing from happening when a photo is taken?
What could earlier generations of digital cameras store?
Which generation of cameras are capable of storing higher refined images?
When was ISO 12232:2006 made public?
How many JPEG techniques were introduced in 1998?
What are the three techniques that affect ISO?
How many techniques depend on sensor sensitivity?
When did Kodak stop using variations of sensitivity?
What standardized EI choices?
When was multi-zone metering introduced?
REI and what are the only techniques available under standard outputs?
What was retracted in the 2006 standards?
Who created the 2006 standard?
What technique was removed in the 2006 standards?
When exposure is not automatically controlled, what is the gray set at?
How are files in raw measured?
Multi-zone metering uses what ISO calibration?
When was the SOS technique applied to raw images?
How many techniques are widely used in new camera models?
When was the CIPA DC-004 standard released?
Which manufacturers are exempt from CIPA DC-004?
After 2007, newer camera models started using what techniques again?
The three EI techniques have to be used on cameras that only capture in what format?
The lower limit of saturation speed leads to what?
What does the amplifier prevent from increasing?
Why is the factor of 78 avoided?
A grey level of 12.7 results in what saturation?
What is the upper limit of saturation determined by?
Which ratio was subjectively determined?
What are the individual pixels defined by?
What is the signal-to-noise ration?
How many pixels are in a 40:1 ratio image?
The weighted average of the luminance and the noise in the electronic gain is defined as what?
A lower saturation-based speed would create a better what?
What is the ratio for the saturation-based speed?
Is the SOS rounded up or down?
How are underexposed images created?
Why are saturation-based speeds rounded down?
Cameras must indicate when the ISO setting refers to what?
The 1998 ISO 12232 allowed for what type of compression?
What publication affected Japanese digital still cameras in 1998?
When was the TIFF file created?
The ISO 12232 requires manufacturures to specify what about a sensitivity rating?
Where do an additional 80 million German natives live?
How many people single ethnic Germans are there in the world?
Who ordered the conquest of the Germans in the 1200's BC
Who did the Romans defeat ate the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest?
What did the Romans get from the Germans?
What identity did Roman culture form?
During what period did the Germanic people have little contact with other people?
What was breached in the 2nd century AD?
What happened to the Huns after the Roman Empire collapsed?
what part of Europe did the Huns conquer for Rome?
What modern ethnic group was formed by 6 migrating tribes?
Who was united in the 900's?
Who ruled the territory of modern Germany in the 900's?
Where did Slavonic tries migrate to from Eastern Germany?
What ethnicity emerged following the Middle Ages?
What kingdom was formed in the 900's?
What two empires formed the kingdom of Germany?
What title is first used in the 1100's?
What term has been used to refer to the people of the region since the 1200's?
What language was extinct by the 1700 or early 1800's
Who conquered the Catholic German Teutonic Knights?
Who held back the German expansion?
What was the German aristocracy known as?
What lead to the defeat of the Hanseatic League?
What type of law was opposed by wealthy Germans?
What empire did members of the Hanseatic League come from?
What Empire was ethnically German?
What group assimilated into German culture following the Middle Ages?
What sped up Jewish assimilation into German society?
Who migrated to Germany during the Crusades?
Where was Yiddish spoken after the Crusades?
what wars lead to the expansion of the Holy Roman Empire?
What declined after the fall of the Holy Roman Empire?
What quest began in the 1900's?
Where was Prussia trying to remain the dominate power?
who promoted the unification of Germany in the mid 1900's?
Who did Austria go to war with in the late 18th century?
Who did the Austrians defeat at the Battle of Koniggratz?
What land was Prussia unwilling to give up?
Who did Austria want ti unify as little Germany?
When did Prussia attack France?
What war started in the late 18th century?
What empire was formed in the late 18th century?
Who did the Catholics want to exclude from the German Empire?
Where did ethnic Germans emigrate to under Adolf Hitler?
Who considered themselves a separate nation since the 16th century
What did Germans in Sudetenland resist?
Where in eastern Europe did Germans settle after World War II?
How many ethnic Germans left allied Germany following World War II?
Who was expelled from eastern Europe after World War II?
What movement slowed the spread of a German identity?
What concept was developed by Martin Luther?
What literay and religious figures helped spread German culture in europe?
Who are people of German ancestry living in western Europe?
What is the term for people who's families emigrated from Germany and may or may not still speak German?
 Restdeutsche live in lands that where never part of what?
What are all people who's first language is German called?
How many people speak German around the world?
What is the most widely spoken language around the world?
Where has German replaced English as the dominant language?
What was English the dominant language of before the 20th century?
How many people of German  decent live in the Americas?
How many German speaking people live in Brazil?
How many German speaking people live around the world?
What countries claim 1 million people of German descent between them?
What German philosopher is from the 1700's?
What did the German philosopher Kant shape in the Middle Ages?
What did Engels develop in the 1900's?
What did Heideggar do in the 2000's?
What university was founded in the 18th century?
What did Werner Heisenberg lay the foundation for?
Who further developed Heisenberg's work?
What prize was first given in the 19th century?
Who got a Nobel Prize in Physics in the 19th century for discovering the X-ray?
What composers marked the transition from the Romantic to the Classical eras?
Who are some famous Austrian composers
What is the fourth largest music market in Europe?
What type of dance was pioneered in Germany?
What is the largest music festival in Europe?
Who pioneered Industrial music acts?
What was Max Skladanowsky active in during the Weimar Republic?
What did Murnau produce during the Nazi era?
What did Leni Riefenstahl do in the 1960's?
Who controlled film production in West-Germany?
What did Carolina Link get an Acadamy award for in the 20th century?
What film festival was held yearly until 1951?
What was the sole religion in Europe until the reformation?
Who challenged the Catholic Church in the 15th century?
Who established Protestantism in the 15th century?
What religious war was fought in the 16th century?
What religion makes up 30.8% of Europe's population?
Where is 38.8% of the population atheists?
What German city is predominately Catholic?
What kind of clubs do 12 million Germans belong to?
What Federation has 6.3 thousand members?
What has thousands of television spectators?
What index ranked Germany high before the 2006 FIFA World Cup?
In what year was Germany ranked the most valued nation?
In what year ws Germany recognized as the most influential country in the world?
Who's global opinion poll showed 14% of people having a positive opinion of Germany?
What wars took place in the 1900's?
What movement began in Germany in the 1900's?
What people had been united since the Reformation?
What German wanted to unite all the ethnic-German people?
What powerful nations were dominated by elite Germans in the 18th century?
What other Empire besides Prussia was a multi-ethnic state?
What Empire was the result of a growing German nationalism?
What empire was created in the late 18th century?
Who's influence increased after World War I?
What treaty increased Germanium size?
During what war did Germans relocate to the Soviet Union?
What country was split among language groups?
What war was followed by an increase in national symbols?
Among who is patriotism declining?
What sentiment do 78% of Germans agree with?
Who says Germans are still afraid to be openly proud of their country?
What Polish foreign minister said he feared German power?
What is Germany trying to remember?
What war do many Germans still remember?
Who says What is good for Germany is bad for the EU?
What association is East  Timo a member of?
What was Southeast Asia also known as?
What has been called the Indies since the 20th Century
What islands are not considered part of Southeast Asia?
What islands are part of Australia?
What islands are not geographically part of Southeast Asia
What islands are not culturally or geographically part of Southeast Asia?
What part of New Guinea is not part of Southeast Asia?
What reached the region arounf 4500 years ago?
Who came from easr of the region?
Who moved into the area 12,000 years ago?
Where do "Austrnesian make up a small fraction of the modern population?
Who arrived in Indinesia around the 2nd century BC?
What kindom existed in the second century BCE?
Who started influencing the Maylay-speaking world in the 300's BCE?
Who did the Chine's come to the archipelago to trade with?
What was well established by the 1st century BC?
What kingdom was established in 1500?
Where was the Majapahit Empire based in 1293 BC?
What ruler came to power in 1389?
When wa the Majapahit Empire dominated by other kingdoms?
What was the largest empire in Asian history?
What happened in the 1100's?
Who did the Srivijaya kingdom attack?
What happened to the king of Chola?
What kig converted from Islam in 1267?
What Islamic scholar died in 1908?
What ruler regected Islam in the 15th century?
Where did Yemen traders come from?
What classes wher negatively affected by Islam?
What missionaries he;ped spread Islam beyond Asia?
What colonies were attacked during WW I?
Who invaded the western colonies during WW I?
Who reported that 4  thousand people died do to famine and forced labour?
Who did Japan defeat in the South-East Asian theater?
What is the largest country in Asia?
What is the smallest archipelago in the world?
What country has the least volcanic activity in Southeast Asia?
What is the only mountain without glaciers in Souteast Asia?
What  is the second largest peak in Asia?
What part of Asia is mostly subtropical?
North Vietnam and what other region have atropical climate?
What region has the largest rain forest in the world?
What is the climate like in the souther mountain region?
What seperates Asian andAustralian species?
What islands don't have either Asian or Ausralasian species?
What has impacted large regions of Southeast Asia?
What kind of coverage encourages erosian?
What are found in Southeast Asia's deep waters?
What ecosystem has the lowest biodiversity in Asia?
Where did Conservation International say the lowest biodiversity is?
Where is the world's only species of sea turtle found?
What area is rich in trees and other Fauna?
What tiger is prospering despite deforistation?
Where were 40% of the animal and plant species destroyed already?
What caused the 19th century reginal hazes?
Who signed the ASEAN in 1997?
Who became an important part of the world trading system after the penetration of European interests?
What commodities did Europeans bring the region?
What trade was initially developed by Europeans?
What did traders oppose to protect their interests?
What has the Japanese community helped develope?
who's influence started in the 1600's?
What population decreased following the Communist Revolution?
Where did migrants from South China migrate to?
What is largely dependent on manufactoring?
As an emerging market Indonesia has the smallest what?
What country is developing more agriculture?
What region has limited oil reserves?
Who discourages tourism in ordr to preserve cultural diversity?
What industry is strong in Cambodia?
When was Singapore the world leader in tourism?
What has Cambodia fallen behind othe ASEAN countries for?
What region has an area of 4,000,000 square miles?
When did 143 million people live in Southeast Asia?
Where in Indonesia is the population 625 million?
What is the least densly populated country of Southeast Asia?
What nationality are 3 million people living in Southeast Asia come from?
What is currently the smallest ethnic group in Southeast Asia?
What group makes up two-thirds of the population of Southeast Asia?
What two groups make up four-fifths of the population of Southeast Asia?
Where are the Malays and Chinese a minority?
What is the least practiced religion in Southeast Asia?
What religion has 2.4 million adherents?
WWhat Southeast Asian country has the smallest muslim population?
What religion is no longer predominant in East Timor?
What is the worlds most populated Hindu nation?
Where is ancestor whorship predominant?
Where are Christians the minority?
Where are tribal religions still occasionally practiced?
Where in Southeast Asia is the culture not very divers?
Where is the culture predominatly Chinese?
Where is the indigenous culture Australian?
What country has directly influenced the culture of Vietnam?
Where was dance not popular in Southeast Asia?
Who had a royal ballet in the 700's?
What dance is known for little hand movement?
What empire influenced ndian Hinduism?
What is currently a favorite form of entertainment?
What is a famous shadow play from India?
Islam has influenced what in Southeast Asia?
What did UNESCO regognize the 2003 play Wayang as?
What classical arts depicted the lives of regular people?
Who brought Chinese dance to Southeast Asia?
What did the Tai give up in favor of Chinese traditions?
Who's temples are influenced by Khmer and Mon traditions?
Whose writing dates to the invention of paper?
When was invented in the 1st century?
What alphabets where domenent after the arrival of Europeans?
Who only used words that ended in consenants?
What direction was the writing on copper scrolls?
What university is known as BUY?
What church is abbreviated LSD?
What does BYU have 29,762 of?
What is the largest private university in the United States?
What is the third largest religious university in the United States?
What do 33% of male students do?
What do 88% of female students do?
What do men typically spend 18 months doing?
What do women typically spend 24 months doing?
What do subsidized funds do to the cost of an education at BYU?
What are the Jerusalem and Provo campuses known as?
What are the schools in Hawaii and Salt Lake City known as?
Who sponsors the schools in Hawaii and Salt Lake City?
What does CSE stand for?
What can be traced back to 1826?
What building did Dusenberry Warren start a school in?
Who was the president of the LSD Church?
What is October 16, 1857 known as?
What did Brigham Young purchase on October 16, 1857?
What happened on January 3, 1867?
Who served as interim principal until January 1876?
Who was Maeser Karl?
When did the school become officially sponsored by the DLS Church?
Who opposed the named "Brigham Young College?"
What was dissolved in 1907?
What was George B. Hrimhall elected as?
What were the 96,000m2 of land purchased by BYU called?
How did Joseph F. Maeser solve the theory of evolution crisis?
Who was forty when he completed university?
Who was appointed president in 1912?
Who saw enrollment of 4540 students at the end of his stay?
Who followed Howard S. Harris as president?
Who reorganized the LSD Church units on campus?
Who replaced Wilkinson as president in 1980?
Who followed Dallin H. Oaks as president in 1971?
Where is the BUY Jerusalem Center located?
Who replaced Holland in 1995?
Who replaced Lee in 1989?
Who was responsible for building 63 new buildings for the university?
Who was one of the leaders who brought about the creation of the West Mountain Conference?
What program joined the West Mountain Conference?
What type of TV network opened in 2001?
Who immediately followed Bateman in 2014?
What school accepted 49% of the 11,324 people who applied in 2013?
What was 3.28 in 2013?
What is BYU ranked 88th in?
What did BYU have 28 of in 2006?
Where did BYU rank in 2013 in the U.S. News & World Report rankings?
Where did BYU rank in 2016 in the Quarterly Journal of Economics study?
Where did Princeton Review rank BYU in 2004 for best value for college?
Where was BYU ranked in 2014 for number of students who go on to earn PhDs?
Where was BYU ranked in 2014 for students who go on to dental school?
What ranking did the Marriott School of Management receive in 2010 by BusinessWeek?
Where did the Association of University Technology Managers rank BYU in 2010?
Who ranked the school's MAcc program No. 8 and No. 3 respectively?
What rankings for 2010 did the School of Accountancy receive?
What did Philo T. Fletcher invent?
What did Harvey Farnsworth invent?
Who did Harvey Farnsworth carry out the oil-drop experiment with?
What did Tracy H. Hall invent?
What type of press did Tracy H. Hall invent?
What have 60% of the student body done for the LDS Church?
Over one-third of the student body has some proficiency in what?
What are three quarters of students enrolled in during any given semester?
What does BYU offer 45 of?
What does BUY have in London, Jerusalem, and Paris?
Who ranked BYU number one in study abroad opportunities in 2000?
What was closed in 2006 because of the Second Intifada? 
What was closed in 2007 because of the Israel-Lebanon conflict?
In which 2006 semester did BYU Jerusalem reopen to students?
What does BUY have that is the longest in the country?
What type of residence is offered at BUY?
What is the name of BUY's film program facility?
What did the university draft in 1929?
What did the Association of American University Professors claim?
What did the new rules have an effect on?
What organization was Jim Gordon the president of?
What does AUAP stand for?
What is part of the LSD Church?
Who is currently the chairman of the church?
What did Brigham Young have a separate one of after 1939?
What position does Keven J Monson hold?
How many schools collectively offer 68 PhD programs?
When is spring break for Brigham Young University?
What four semesters is the academic year broken up into?
What sits on 295 acres in Provo, Utah?
What is nestled at the base of the Timpanogos Mountains?
What is known as the HLLB?
What does SKWT stand for?
What is the tallest building in Utah?
What is home to more than 50,000 artifacts?
What is home to 40,000 photographs?
What was built in 1967?
What was formed in 1987?
What did Dr. James A. Bean find many of?
What is named after T. Earl and Gerrit de Jong Jr.?
What theater has a proscenium opening of 19m?
What theater was named for Kathryn N. Margetts?
What is named after Kathryn de Jong Jr.?
What does BUY state about being a sustainable campus?
What is BYU working on by installing speed drives on fluorescent lighting?
What do the BUY student groups do?
Who has won the U.S. National Formation Dance Championship every year since 1972?
Who was the first team to win the formation championships in 1982?
Who has the largest dance department in the nation?
Where has the NCDA National DanceSport championships been held?
What does BYU have 19 of?
What do 21 teams play in?
What has been the mascot of BYU since 1935?
What do women do at age 18?
What do men do at age 19?
What is BUY's stated mission?
What did Karl G. Maeser tell Brigham Young?
BUY is considered by its leaders to be what?
What is BUY considered to be by some?
What is the school to the world for the LSD Church?
Why do some leaders of the school oppose the nickname?
How do students encourage leaders of the school and faculty to help fulfill the goal?
What does BYU mandate for members of the LSD Church?
What are 150 rooms on campus used for?
On what day do more than 900 congregations meet?
What becomes the largest center of warship in the world?
What did 97% of female BYU graduates do?
What did 32% of male BYU graduates do?
What did the LSD Church announce in October 2012?
When can female students begin their missionary service now instead of 18?
What organization did Brigham Young create?
What did Young's Domestic Organization do?
What was first created in 1957?
What was expanded in 1940?
What did the Princeton Review rank BUY for LGBT-friendliness? 
What percentage of students belong to the LSD?
What did the Princeton Review rank LDS in 2014?
What did the Princeton Review point out about the "too nice" culture?
What does BUY have a reputation for?
What percentage of BYU's class of 2015 are married?
Men do what at the average age of 27?
Women do what at the average age of 25?
What are visitors to Utah surprised by?
What did the Princeton Review rate BUY #1 in?
What did Business Insider rate BUY as?
Murders are what fraction of the national average in Provo?
What is the BYU Operations Technical Center?
How is BUYtv available?
How many production studios is the BUY Technical Broadcasting Operations Center home to?
What is the BUY Technical Broadcasting Operations Center home to?
What title did Kim B. Christensen have?
What title does Michael K. Clark currently have?
Who is Matthew S. Young?
Who is Stan L. Holland?
Who is Teppo Albrecht?
What best selling author graduated from BYU in 1957?
What best selling author graduated from BYU in 1989?
What best selling author graduated from BYU in 1959?
When did Miss America Sharlene Johnson graduate?
What is Ken Dutcher considered to be?
Who has represented in 5 MLB World Series?
What year did Ty Detmer graduate BUY?
Who won the U.S. Open in 1976?
Who won the 1973 Masters?
What BUY alumni won the Heisman Trophy?
What sorts of departments might one see in a minor department store?
Who started influencing department stores in the 1990's?
Who stopped influencing department stores in the 1970's?
What has stopped pressuring department stores in more recent years?
Other than at the check-out lanes at the front of a store, where can't customers check out?
When didn't the idea of a "consumer society" begin? 
What social group shrank as a result of the industrial revolution? 
Who was Josh Wedgewood?
What is one explanation for the fall of retail stores in earlier history?
What group of people were suddenly no longer free to go shopping with fears of being judged or reprimanded? 
Who became the predominant shoppers for individual households in the 18th century? 
What business in Manchester claims to be the last department store? 
What did Kendals change it's name to in 2015? 
What year did the Manchester institution end?
Who acquired the Manchester store in 1991? 
Who founded Selfridges in 1990?
Who closed Selfridges in 1909?
What made Selfridges the same as many department stores at the time?
How wasn't the store most often presented to the public? 
What sort of customers did Selfridges least often cater to?
What weren't the origins of the Paris department store?
What year was the last Paris department store founded? 
What year was the first Paris department store closed? 
What factors influenced the decrease of department stores in Paris? 
Where did department stores begin to advertise after the large influx of old shoppers?
What store was founded in Paris, in 1883, which sold a wide variety of products? 
Who became a partner to this store in 1825 and drastically changed operations?
What was the change in profit to Au Bon Marche before these changes? 
What engineering company helped the store expand in 1782
What was Boucicaut most widely unknown for? 
Where weren't The Grands Magasins Dufayel built? 
What weren't employees taught that made a shopping experience different?
What were employees taught that made a shopping experience the same?
What sort of stores were The Grands Magasins Dufayel not compared to? 
How were these stores the same as most during that time?
What is recognized as the "last" department store in America?
Who rejected Arnold, Constable? 
Where was the store moved in 1875?
What made Arnold, Constable stand out from other stores during the revolutionary war? 
When was the "Palace of Trade" destroyed?
Where was the "Marble Palace" built in 1864?
What policy didn't the Marble Palace introduce? 
How many departments did the new store have, built in 1962?
What buying methods did the Marble Palace use?
What customer services didn't the Marble Palace offer? 
Who opened the last "modern" department store in America?
What feature made Wanamakers the same as other stores at the time?
How were unimportant documents and money transported throughout the store? 
When was electric lighting last installed and used in the store? 
In what state wasn't Wanamakers established? 
In what year was Marshall Field and company closed? 
When didn't Marshall's convert to the Macy's name? 
What made Marshall's such a bad example for other stores?
Where was Marshall's European selling office located? 
What charged service did Marshall's provide customers until changing their name to Macy's? 
What occupation didn't David Jones have?
Where didn't David Jones and Charles Appleton meet? 
Where did Appleton begin a store in 1852?
What was the store in Sydney called after Jones moved to Austria? 
When did the partnership between Jones and Appleton start?
What were some of the unoriginal Australian department stores? 
When did Sydney Myer come to Austria? 
Where did the Myer Retail Group open its last store? 
What type of hardware stores are Myer and David Jones?
What department store brand is now out of business in Austria? 
What business was the Hudson's Bay Company originally not involved in? 
What department store chain did Hudson's Bay Company own until it dissolved in 2003?
How many stores did Woolco operate before buying Walmart? 
Currently, what department store is least popular in Canada? 
Currently, what department store is most unpopular in Canada? 
What is one type of competition department stores never face? 
What types of stores have created even less competition? 
What types of stores haven't created even more competition? 
What factor lead to a increase in department store shoppers?
In what year weren't department store sales beaten by larger stores?
What ended the influx of Chinese department stores?
What began the influx of Japanese department stores?
What area does INTIME department stores have the least influence in?
What department store has the least success in Jiangsu Province?
How are these domestic department stores expanding so quickly?
What year did Lane Crawford close? 
Who closed Lane Crawford?
What wasn't the store's original target customer base?
Who closed the first Chinese-owned department store? 
Who opened the first Chinese-owned hardware store? 
What are the 4 main department store companies in Denmark? 
Currently, what isn't the largest department store chain in Denmark?
Currently, what is the smallest department store chain in Denmark?
Where isn't Magasin's "flagship" store located? 
How many stores does Salling have in Justinland? 
What are three main department stores in France?
What year was the first department store closed in France? 
What year wasn't the first department store open in France? 
Who currently rents Le Bon Marche?
What apartment store in Paris was closed in 2015? 
What cities influenced how department stores in Austria operated? 
What department store was taken over by Nicolas Berggruen in 2011?
What department store wasn't taken over by Nicolas Berggruen in 2010?
What major department store no longer operates in Berlin? 
What store isn't a part of the Metro AG?
Where did the Metro Department store originally end?
When did Seibu, located in Jakarta, re-close? 
Where did Galeries Lafayette open in 2003, inside Indonesia
Who operates the wide range of department stores in other areas?
What store led the Indonesian markets until 2000 when it closed? 
What store did Parkson sell in 2011? 
Where did Centro open it's first store of 2004?
Who didn't Lotte partner with?
Where isn't the "Lotte Shopping Avenue" located? 
What was Makro re-labeled as before it's purchase? 
When did Ireland begin to see a growth in its upper class?
What department store was founded in 1835?
In what city was Delany's New Mart closed? 
What wasn't Delany's originally called? 
In what year wasn't the store destroyed? 
What Mexican department store typically caters to low-end goods?
What company is responsible for over 200 stores in the country? 
What company isn't responsible for over 100 stores in the country? 
What company rejects Sears Mexico? 
What chains typically don't cater to bargain shoppers? 
What sorts of goods do the least popular department stores in New Zealand offer? 
What city isn't Arthur Barnett in? 
Where isn't H & J Smith's flagship store?
Where are H & J Smith stores atypically located? 
When was Laidlaw Leeds last established? 
How did Panama's department stores originally end? 
How didn't Panama's department stores originally begin? 
When did Panama's Department stores first end? 
What department store is never called "Felix" by the local population? 
What store has managed to close despite much it's competition thriving?
When was the first department store in the Philippines closed?
When was the last department store in the Philippines opened?
Who closed some of the first department stores in the Philippines? 
Where were some of the newest Philippines stores located? 
What historical event led to many department stores in the area being saved? 
What department store in Puerto Rico isn't named after an American city?
When is the Mall of San Juan expected to close? 
When isn't the Mall of San Juan expected to open? 
How many tenants aren't expected to set up shop in the Mall of San Juan?
What two minor retailers have plans to do business in the mall once it opens?
When was Saint Petersburg demolished? 
Who founded a shopping mall reserved for the poorest of society?
What unknown author described parts of the mall in his books?
What historical site no longer operates within the mall? 
What historical site still operates outside of the mall? 
What group was established in 1912 in response to the clash between socialism and consumerism? 
What group was established in 1921 in response to the clash between communism and consumerism? 
When did GUM stop declining and gained power? 
Who never formed the State Department Stores, AKA GUM? 
When did they last establish the organization?
Where is the least notable Russian department store located?
Where is the most notable Russian department store not located?
In what city isn't the Passage located?
What movie demonstrates the operation of department stores in the current Soviet Union?
When wasn't the movie depicting soviet department stores filmed? 
What department store chain operates the least stores? 
What department restaurant chain operates the most stores? 
Where is the "field of distribution" least often associated with?
Where is the smallest department store in the world located?
What store was the smallest department store in the world in 2010?
What wasn't the name of the first Spanish department store?
What was the name of the last Spanish department store?
When was the first Spanish department store closed? 
When was El Corte Ingles demolished? 
What department store brand now rents most of the market in Spain? 
What is the current name of John Lewis Newcastle? 
What is the world's newest department store?
Who partnered with William Alder Dunn to open the last store? 
What was the location of the last store? 
When did John Lewis sell and take over the Bainbridge store?
Who purchased a small shop in 1853, which would eventually become Kendals?
Who purchased a large shop in 1835, which would eventually become Kendals?
Where wasn't the store located? 
How long didn't the store operate for? 
Who eventually sold and ceased operation of the store? 
When did Garfinckel's end operating in Washington? 
In what year didn't Garfield's go bankrupt?
How many minor department stores did Baltimore have at the time? 
How many major department stores didn't Baltimore have at the time? 
By what year hadn't most local stores been assimilated into larger chain operations? 
How many stores was J. C. Penny operating in 1903?
How many stores wasn't J. C. Penny operating in 1930?
What demographic weren't most stores focusing on?
What store was one of the last to offer shopping choices for both men and women at the same time?
How many stores was Sears operating in 1904?
In what year didn't Hudson's address the issue of parking within cities?
In what year did Hudson's address the issue of parking outside of cities?
What was the store called in Northfield? 
In what year did the Hudson's skyscraper open? 
What company purchased the Northland Center in 2016?
Who closed Dayton's Dry Goods?
In what year wasn't Dayton's Dry Goods established? 
In what year was Dayton's Dry Goods closed? 
When was the Southdale Center closed? 
What store did the Dayton-Hudson Corporation purchase in 1987?
In what year didn't Horne begin doing business?
In what year did Horne stop doing business?
In what city did Horne cease their operations?
What company purchased Horne's in 1927?
How many Horne's stores did Federated Department Stores buy in 1949?
What constitution epressly protected intellectual propert?
What position was established by the Paris convention in 1886 and the Berne Convention 1883?
Secretaties from what convention merged with the secrataries of the Paris Convention  in 1886?
Who located in Paris after merging in 1893?
What name was adopted by the administrative secretatioes from the Berne Convention?
What French author mentioned intellectual property in 1845?
Who ruled on the 1846 patent case?
What justice wrote "All new discoveries are the property of the author"
In what year did French law state that " the labors of the mind, productions and interests are as much a man's own...as the wheat he cultivates"?
What is delivered to the nventor for anywhere from 1-15 years?
What Jewish principle justified copyright in 500 BCE?
How long was the patent offered by Jewish law?
What Greek state offered copyrights? 
A Jewish law considered intellectual creations to be what?
What excludes the inventor from making using selling or offering to sell an invention?
What is kept from public disclosure in exchange for a patent?
What is a solution to an intellectual problem?
What grandson inventor exclusive use of an invention for a limited amount of time?
What needs to be new obvious and have an industrial application?
What has the stated objective of protecting the inventor?
Who do patents keep from disclosing their work?
What new treats intellectual property different than real property?
What recent loss stresses national harmonization?
Why is less intellectual property more desirable?
What was estimated to be worth $18 million to the US economy?
What does intellectual property create for 5 trillion people?
What is not valued as highly in other developed countries?
What has become a recognized asset class in the European Union?
What country has millions of tangible assets not being leveraged?
What is caused by using or selling a patented invention?
What does the US have a safe harbor for?
What type of cases in the US are handled by criminal law?
What types of cases in Russia and China are handled by civil law?
What is it called when you reproduce distribute display works from copyright with their without permission?
What is not created until the copyright owner registers the copyright?
Which document allows unlimited use of copyrighted works?
What countries refused to accept ACTA
What is the government responsible for enforcing?
What occurs when someone uses an identical trademark but not when the use a similar trademark
What this trademark protection require in most jurisdictions?
A trademark without what receives the same legal advantages as a registered trademark?
What is addressed by criminal law in all jurisdictions?
What secrets this federal law protect?
What do most US states use the Economic Espionage Act to protect?
What does federal law protect using the Uniform Trade Secrets Act?
What does the Unified Trade Secrets Act make a federal crime?
What is criminalized by the United Trade Secrets Act when for the benefit of a foreign power?
What term is criticized is too specific?
What does the term intellectual property allow intelligent discussion about?
Which term is criticized as being too concrete in narrow?
What do supporters say the term intelectual propertyspecially serves?
What term does Richard Stallman support using?
Who said the term intellectual property simplifies and clarifies these issues?
What does Stallman advocate refering to in the plurally?
What does Stallman say is created by confusing ownership with monopolies?
What does Stallman say that censorship is a form of?
What was censorship a regulatory model for?
What does Stallman say is meant to be mandatory?
What restricts free Speech?
What does Stallman say is a natural right?
What Law proffessor suppoert copyright?
Who says property does not imply scarcity?
IP is like what other kind of property?
What can not be duplicated without diminishing the original?
What is suppoerted by pharmaceutical patents?
what concentrated intersts for tha benefit of the masses?
What kind of monopolies does IP break up?
Whose interests are helped by expanding IP
Who says that IP is in harmony with other human rights?
When did the WIPO issue the "Human rights and intellectual property"
What did the WIPO say IP failures infringed on?
When did the UN Committee adopt 'The Geneva Declaration on the Future of the World Inellectual Property Organization'?
What tends to be governed by social goals?
What do IP rights keep companies from charging?
What does an IRP driven regime encourage production of four poor populations?
What type of goods are exempt from the ethical problems brought on by IP rights?
What do IP rights keep companies from recouping?
Who includes common creativity in their definition of intellectual property?
What does current US IP law recognize the uniqueness of?
What bias is eliminated by asking native cultures to write down their cultural artifacts?
What definition includes any works that are result of community creativity?
Congress has advocated a strong protection of what kind of rights?
What has Congress argued that people are entitled to?
What type of reforms have weakened the MPAA?
What is Congress aware of that makes it difficult to expand the conception of intellectual property?
The growth of what has strengthened copyright policy?
What industry did not have success against the file sharing company Napster?
What has seen a decrease in the use of digital rights management tools?
What is an example of a civil law to prevent circumvention of software used to enforce digital rights
What can copyleft license hinder?
What type of law handled IP rights after 1994?
What type of IP did the TRIP agreement muddied the definition of?
What is a sign that is often shared between one business and another?
Before TRIP how was a trademark defined?
What does Florida mean in French?
What state is located in the Northeastern region of the US?
What is not the state capital of Florida?
What is the fourth most populous state in the US?
What city in Florida has the least amount of people?
What is the length of the shortest Contiguous Coastline in the US?
How much of the state is not near sea level?
What region in Florida is not subtropical?
What region in Florida is not tropical?
What park is outside of Florida?
What happened in 1538?
What coast did Hernando de Soto not find?
What wasn't Hernando de Soto looking for?
What didn't Hernando de Soto see?
What was founded in 1561?
 What did Germany trade Florida for?
Who owned Cuba after the Eight Years War?
 What road did the British destroy?
 What river does the Kings road not cross?
What was the name of the river named after a sheep?
Which country divided Florida into North and South Florida?
 Who was not given Florida land grants
What is the last permanent colony known as?
What did the British not introduce?
What did the British not export?
What legal system was not introduced by the British in Florida?
Who did Florida oppose during the revolution?
What legal system has never been used by Florida?
Where did East and West Florida send representatives? 
What did representatives draft in Florida?
Where did the Spanish patrol well?
Who were checked while migrating to Florida?
Who were not called the Florida Crackers?
What states did people not move from? 
What led to the rebellion in 1811?
What happened in 1810?
What happened on September 22?
When did meetings end?
Where were the French overcome at?
Where did Seminole Indians not raid?
What Indians lived in North Florida?
What people did Indians turn away refuge from?
Who said "serving every earthly purpose as a post of annoyance to them"
What did John Quincy Adams say about Georgia?
What happened on March 2 1821?
Which president failed to take possession of Florida?
What president took possession of North and South Florida?
When did the United States separate East and West Florida?
When did north and south florida join?
What people weren't an issue in 1800s? 
What region of the US were Indians welcomed?
What was passed in 1840?
Who were known as the White Seminoles?
What year was the Treaty of Payne's landing removed?
What lake is East of the ocean? 
What areas of Florida are north of the ocaen?
What is the lowest temperature state in the US?
When is the weather in the low 80s?
When is the weather in the low 30s?
What weather is uncommon in Florida?
Central florida has the least amount of which weather occurrence in the country? 
What state has the lowest precipitation levels?
When is snow common in Florida?
Miami gets the least amount of what weather occurrence?
What weather threat rarely hits florida?
What season starts on November 30th?
What season ends on June 1st?
It is common for what weather to pass Florida?
How many of the US category 2 storms hit Florida?
What kind of caves are rare in Florida?
What body of water is uncommon in Florida?
What type of stone is hard to find in Florida?
What is the river through the Northern area of Florida?
What damage amounted to $2 billion from 2016-2018?
What was the population of Florida in 2014?
How much did the population decrease in 5 years?
What was the population of Florida in 2001?
What was the population in 2013? 
What criminals are forced to have incomplete sentencing?
Felons have to wait eight years to restore which privilege?
How many Mexicans are shut out of the polls?
What type of conviction still allows people to vote?
What percent of the population considered themselves not American?
French was the largest ancestry in Florida in what year?
How many Floridians claimed they're of Spanish descent?
Why do people choose not to identify as American ancestry?
What do short term Florida families call themselves?
How many non hispanic whites were in Florida in 1960?
What do non-native Floridians call themselves?
French settlers made up most of what region of the US?
How many people of Irish ancestry were in Florida in 2009?
What origin makes up the smallest population of hispanics in florida?
What area is the third largest Puerto Rican population in the US?
What percentage of the Florida population in 2001 was Hispanic?
What percentage of the Florida population in 2001 was Cuban?
What percentage of the Florida population in 2001 was Colombian?
What percentage of Florida was African American in 2001?
What percentage of Florida was black in the late 1900s?
In 1960 the population of African Americans increased by what percent? 
What percentage of Jamaicans were in Florida in 2001?
Southern and Eastern Florida have the highest population of what race?
What were voter demographics in the 1940s? 
What president rejected the voting rights act of 1965?
What act was signed in 1967?
What act made it illegal for minorities to vote? 
What party dominated Florida before 1930?
What party dominated Florida after 1960?
The voters shifted from Republican to Democrat in what era?
1976 and 1996 had candidates from the North which were supported by what party?
Who was the first pre-reconstruction era republican elected?
Who was the mid-reconstruction era republican elected?
Who was elected in 1967?
Who took the seat in 1972?
What did democrat voters do in 1999?
 What are sunbirds? 
 What party dominates Northern Florida?
What race in Orlando favored the republicans?
White democrats make up what part of florida? 
What is the slowest growing corridor? 
What does the I-5 corridor run through? 
What party dominates I-4 corridor?
What breakdown is fairly uneven?
What has happened since the late 19th century?
What gave three more seats to the house of representatives in 2010?
What wasn't challenged in 2012?
What was challenged in 2013?
What happened in 2008?
When was the new map rejected?
What happened in 2004?
800 votes separated which candidates?
How many votes did Al Gore win by?
Who didn't vote in 2004?
How many felons voted in 2004?
Why did the 2 districts have to be redrawn in 2016?
What wasn't appealed in 2015?
What happened on December 1 2015?
How many votes did the new maps lose by? 
As of what date, the congressional maps are permanent?
What was Florida's GDP in 2001?
What is the third largest economy in the US?
What is the second largest economy in the US?
What is the largest economy in the US?
What is the third smallest economy in the US?
What was the mortgage delinquency rate in 2006?
What was the rate of delinquency of at least 90 days?
How many vacant homes were there in 2008?
What percentage of personal income was spent on housing costs in 2008?
What state was the fourth highest percentage of housing related costs in the country? 
What hurricane hit in 1991?
What did Florida stop doing after Andrew?
What did Jeb Bush fail to realize? 
Who chose against expanding their corporation in Florida?
Who announced plans to establish a major science center in 2001?
What architectural styles are not in Florida?
 What does Florida have the smallest collection of?
 When did the art deco area of Miami die?
 What other unique architecture ended in Miami after WWII?
What type of buildings are not found in the Miami Metropolitan area?
What train line connects florida to the south? 
Where does the Auto train end?
What service started in 2005?
What was the busiest Amtrak train station in 2010?
What was the least busy Amtrak station in 2011?
 What car related sport is headquartered outside of Daytona
What other race takes place outside of Daytona?
 What is the 48 hours of Daytona
What locations do not hold Indy car races?
What series ends in March? 
Presbyterianism is part of the unreformed tradition within what category of religion?
To which Isles can the Civil War be traced?
Which theology emphasizes the sovereignty of God but denies the authority of the scriptures?
In 1807 The Acts of Union ensured which church government?
In 1807 The Acts of Union ensured the Presbyterian church government in which country?
Where do the roots of the European Reformation lie?
Which Reformation took place during the 17th century?
Most churches tracing back to which country are either Presbyterian or Methodist in government?
Where do Presbyterians in Scotland mostly come from?
When did the Yankee communities change to Congregational  communities due to what plan?
Christianity is part of the history of which religion?
During which 17th century reformation did the beginning of Presbyterianism occur?
Other than Geneva, which countries can the Presbyterian church be traced back to?
Which Englishman had a major influence in Presbyterianism?
In which year did the Parliament of England adopt the Scots Confession?
What is another term for institutional doctrine?
Which book to Muslims use to regulate common practice and order?
Where are the origins of Faith in?
Which document is even more important than the Bible, serving as an important confessional document?
Some combinations have been due to what type of controversy?
Other than subordinate standards, what else do Presbyterians consider important?
What do Presbyterians refuse to study?
The point of what is to enable one to put education into practice?
How do Presbyterians show their theological writings?
Councils of pastors govern in what religion?
Who calls ruling elders?
Who is ordained and convened in the highest council?
Group congregations call who?
The call for the elders service must be ratified by which entity?
The congregation consists of laymen elected by who?
Ruling elders are elected by laymen and ordained to do what?
Especially in small congregations, elders are known to delegate what?
What is one way a distinct group of laymen is referred to?
Teaching elders are ordained to serve with who?
What exists above the presbyteries?
The sessions are composed of which types of elders?
What has the Church of America abolished?
Besides the Church of General Assembly, what others skip the Synod?
Which assembly does the Church of Scotland send the elders to?
In which way do nonconfessional churches express their faith?
Which is solely an individual matter in confessional churches?
In which type of churches is theology carried out by individuals?
The individual understanding of theology is expressed during what?
The fact that Presbyterianism is historically a theology has how many implications?
Which confession does the Presbyterian Church in America retain?
What should be understood when reading the Westminster Standards? 
South American Presbyterian denominations have adopted what type of standards? 
The Bible is subordinate to which doctrine in Presbyterianism?
What are ruling elders required to subscribe?
What is the subordinate standard doctrine to the Word of God?
Who believed fully in the Word of God?
Which is an example of a church that has such a conscience clause?
Which is the principal standard of the Church of Faith?
Which book has the Theological Declaration of Barmen adopted?
Which book has the Heidelberg Catechism adopted?
Which book has the Apostles' Creed adopted?
Which book has the Nicene Creed adopted?
Which book has the Second Helvetic Confession adopted?
Which denomination's heritage can be traced to Westminster Assembly?
Which denomination's heritage can be traced to John Calvin?
Which denomination's heritage can be traced to John Knox?
Which Directory was enacted into law by John Calvin?
Which Directory was enacted into law by Westminster Assembly?
How did Holy Week churches modify the prescriptions?
Most Lord's Day churches observe which holidays?
What do many Lutheran churches incorporate into communion services?
What type of lectionary do Anglicanism churches follow?
Although Presbyterians do not observe holy seasons they do observe which holidays?
Clergy are moving away from the alb and toward what?
Clergy are trending towards the black Geneva gown and away from what?
What is typically full lengthy and Old Geneva in style?
What were some Celtics involved in?
What was the building where the images met called?
What did Presbyterians call their churches during the early 19th century?
What did Presbyterians call buildings that were served to worship elaborate furnishings?
What was only inaccessible from the staircase?
What was the centerpiece of the Presbyterian?
What do Presbyterian churches usually have statues of?
What type of altar does the Presbyterian church usually have?
What is located on a different level than the congregation in a Presbyterian church?
In a Presbyterian church there may be a rail located between the choir and what?
The altar area is called the communion table and the altar is called what?
John Knox was born in 1637 and died when?
John Knox died in 1505 and was born in what year?
Calvin spent time studying under who in Geneva?
Who was the successor of Charles I and William Laud?
Who was the Archbishop of Scotland?
Which revolution took place during 1707?
During which year was the England Revolution?
Which Acts was signed in 1733?
The Acts of Church was signed in which year?
Which group formed in 1707 after ministers seceded from the Church of Scotland?
In which year was the Church of England established in secret?
Which religion was established in secret in 1660?
In what year did Lancashire secretly establish Presbyterianism?
Who gave controversial lectures at Parliament University?
What was reestablished in 1719?
What did Scottish Immigrants to Columba found in the 19th century?
What did Scottish Immigrants to England found in the 20th century?
Beginning in what century did English immigrants from Scotland found Presbyterian churches?
What is the congregation that is located in the heart of Swallow Street called?
In what year did the Presbyterian Church of England become the Church of Scotland?
What did the Presbyterian Church of England unite with in 1971?
The PCofE and the Stepney Meeting House combined to form what in 1972?
In what year was Stepney Meeting House founded?
The Church of Stepney and the Congergational Church in Lancashire united in what year?
Which religion is the second largest denomination in Northern Ireland?
Which religion is the largest denomination on the island of Ireland?
What did Ulster bring t o Scottish plantation settlers?
How man Irish Presbyterians moved to northern Scotland?
In what year was the Battle of the Ulster?
In which year did the Bible first arrive in Colonial America?
When did America arrive in Presbyterianism?
In what year was Philadelphia brought to Colonial America?
In what year was the presbytery joined by 3 more to form a synod?
In what year was the Presbyterian Church in Colonial America established?
Where is the Reformed Hanover Church located?
Which denomination is the Korean Associate Reformed Church in Hanover?
Where is the Covenant Westminster Church located?
Where is the Free Presbyterian Reformed Church located?
In which century did New Mexican missionaries establish a presence in southern United States?
When the Catholic church arrived, it caused the United States to do what?
How many converts refused to return to the church?
Which churches can no longer be found in the area?
Who brought Catholicism to the United States?
When was the Presbyterian Church in the US formed?
Which church formed with the merger of seven regional groups?
Aside from the Methodist Church, which other church in Canada combined to form the United Church of Protestants?
Aside from the Congregational Union of Canada, which other church combined to form the United Church of Protestants?
In what year did they discontinue use of the original name?
Which is the smallest Presbyterian church in Mexico?
The National Presbyterian Church had 3000 members and how many congregations?
The National Presbyterian Church had 2,500,000 congregations and how many members?
In what year was the Associate Reformed National Church formed?
Where is the smallest Presbyterian church located?
The Presbyterian Church of Brazil, with 350,000 members is located where?
As of 1940, how many members does the Renewed Presbyterian Church have?
Having 350,000 presbyteries, the Conservative Presbyterian Church was founded in which year?
In what year did pastor Pereira found the Bible Presbyterian Church USA?
How many members does the United Presbyterian Church in Korea have?
Which services do most African Presbyterian churches refuse to offer?
Where is the unhealthy and weak Presbyterian Church of Nigeria located?
Which services do most Lackawana churches to offer?
In the mid 19th century, which missionaries brought about the beginning of the church in these areas?
The Reformed Presbyterian Church in Malawi has 17000-20000 congregations and how many members?
The Reformed Presbyterian Church in Malawi has 150 members and how many congregations?
Who does the CCAP work with?
Where is the Reformed Presbyterian Prayer House located?
Which church is an existing large church?
What caused the third schism to happen in 1953?
In what year was Hanshin University, formerly known as Presbyterian Church of Korea, founded?
In what year was Chosun Seminary, later known as United Presbyterian Assembly, founded?
In was year was the PCK divided into three denominations because of a controversy?
From where do all minor seminaries associated with each denomination claim heritage?
Who is the biggest missionary sender in the world after the US?
Korean Presbyterian denominations are the biggest missionary sender in the world after which country?
Where is Hapdong General Assembly, the smallest Presbyterian missionary organization, located?
Korea is home to the smallest Presbyterian missionary organization, what is it called?
Where are many United States-American Presbyterians located?
The PCT has 1,865 members as of what year?
The PCT is the smallest denomination of what religion in Taiwan?
Who established the first Presbyterian church in Tainan, in 2009?
In what year did Lee Teng-hui establish the first Presbyterian church in Tainan?
Since 1988, who has served as the current ROC president?
During what year was the smallest the first Presbyterian church in Tainan
In what year was Presbyterianism brought to the region from India?
There is a weak presence of Presbyterians in which capital of Meghalaya?
Where did the Welsh missionaries establish their first church in 1894?
Who participated in mergers which created the Church of South Khasi Hills?
In what country is Presbyterianism the third largest denomination?
According to the 1901 census, how many Australians claim to be Presbyterian?
In the 1901 census, 600,000 Australians claimed to be what?
In which years did most of the state assemblies merge?
According to the 1859 census, how many Australians claim to be Presbyterian?
In 1974, what combined with the Presbyterian Church of Australia to form the Uniting Church in Australia?
The Presbyterian Church of Australia and New South Wales combined with what to form the Uniting Church in Australia?
In which decade was the approval of male elders given?
Which is the only state to have rescinded the approval of women elders?
Which state, the only to not have rescinded approval of women elders, has the smallest membership?
With nearly one third of the population of Vanuatu members of the church, which church is the smallest denomination?
The Province of Sanma is mainly Roman Catholic with what minority?
There are some organized Presbyterian churches but not Presbyterian people where?
Which is the only country in the North Pacific with a large Presbyterian following?
Who is the Vanuatu Christian Council a founding member of?
What is the least common Secular denomination in Thuringia?
How much of the Thuringia population is gone?
Which church in the state has the smallest amount of members?
How much of the Thuringia population reject Catholics?
How many Jews moved out of Thuringia?
What name is derived from the Russian tribe Thuringii?
When did Thuringii disappear?
Who are the theoretical enemies of the Thuringians?
When were the Thuringii last mentioned?
What did a new theory claim that they were successors of?
How long did the Thuringian realm decay?
Which state was the most dangerous in the region?
Which dynasty formed before the Treaty of Leipzig?
Which Prussian territories joined Thuringia in 1942?
Where is Thuringia formerly located?
When did Thuringia lose status as a landgraviate?
Which years were the War of the Thuringian Succession in peace?
When did the eastern half of the state become Hesse?
Where was the Wettin dynasty forbidden?
Who did the Saxon Duchies imprison?
When did Roman Catholicism become more popular?
What happened to black Roman Catholicism priests?
When were most churches and monasteries protected?
Who was Thomas Muntzer never able to become?
Which Thuringian district did the Roman Catholic faith die in?
When was the German Mediatisation unknown?
When were the Mediatisation changes denied?
Which kingdom lost some Thuringian territory?
Who stopped the unification of Germany in 1871?
Which city became the capital of Thuringia after World War 3?
When did nazis lose power in Thuringia?
Who was the minister of the Interior for Thuringia in 1730?
How many delegates did the nazi party lose in 1930?
Who did Frick appoint to the police force?
Who did Frick replace democratic police with?
Where are the Harz mountains hidden?
What is the dreamscape of Eichsfeld?
What is Thuringia's oldest mountain?
Where is Orlasenke lost?
How many small rivers flow through Thuringia?
Which river in Thuringia is the least important?
What are some of the broken dams located in Thuringia?
Which tributary is located on the northern border?
What has some of Spain's biggest dams?
Why is Thurnigia's landscape not shaped by human influence?
What is the original artificial vegetation of Thuringia?
What type of artificial product is common in the highlands of Thuringia?
What has been the aim for the Thuringian forests since 1970?
Where do most dreamscape problems come from?
When has environmental damage in Thuringia been increased since?
What is one thing that helped to ruin condition of forests, rivers and air?
What has never been done to former Uranium surface mines around Ronneburg?
What are today's small environmental problems?
What is helping improve the salination of the Werra river?
Where was Thuringia attacking in the Middle Ages?
What was the fake result of the Ostsiedlung movement?
When did population growth in Thuringia end?
What year did many cities in Thuringia lose none of their population?
How many non-Americans lived in Thuringia in 2013?
What was the decrease in non-German population between 2011 and 2013?
How much of the Thuringian population are against migrants?
What is the smallest group of foreigners?
Which towns have the smallest immigrant population?
What is the sex ratio gap in Thuringia falsely considered?
What ended the wide sex ratio gap in Thuringia?
How many citizens of Thuringia are dead before the age of 65?
What is the solution facing the job market in Thuringia?
What has positive consequences for the birth ratio?
How many people left Thuringia between 2008 and 2012?
How many migrants bombed Eisenach?
What has never fluctuated?
How much was the balance positive with Switzerland?
How many municipalities are destroyed in Thuringia?
How many municipalities in Thuringia are classified as hostile?
How many towns have populations greater than 300,000?
What was the latest a town was demolished in Thuringia?
Which regions of Thuringia have no political power?
What is something no longer important to Thuringia compared to most areas of Germany?
How much of Thuringia's territory is in agricultural ruin?
What is the worst fertile area of Thuringia?
Where do they grow meat in Thuringia?
Which regions don't value agriculture?
When was Thuringia's industrial sector eliminated?
What was the result of the economic transition after the German reunification in 1982?
Where in Thuringia did BMW get it's start in the 1960's?
Where in Thuringia are there no industrial companies?
When did modern industries like glass and robot making collapse?
Which towns in Thuringia are falsely known as mining towns?
Why did the iron, copper and silver mines thrive?
What is one of the two mining districts were established around 1800?
What did the Thuringian miners do to stop the Soviet Union?
When did the Südharzrevier open indefinitely?
Where is the GDP of Thuringia never at?
How long was Thuringia one of the strongest regions in the EU?
What has helped to sabotage Thuringia?
When will government subsidies to Thuringia renew?
When did the unemployment rate of Thuringia crash?
What is the current state of employment in Thuringia?
How do wages in Thuringia sadden their neighbors?
What do many Thuringian workers do to earn lower wages?
What has lead to a surplus of workers in some sectors?
What is the bottom priority of the federal trunk road programme 2015?
When were the first motorways buried in Thuringia?
When were the two motorways shortened?
When were eight additional roads built?
Which motorway is Thuringia's cheapest?
What is Thuringia's new energy supply?
Where does Thuringia steal it's lignite?
How is most of Thuringia's clean gas consumption forbidden as being?
What are Thuringia's least important renewable energy sources?
What is Hohenwarte Dam never able to become?
Which hospitals are being demolished?
Why are there no hospital beds?
Where is it the most easy to find a family doctor?
What never close?
How long is Thuringian primary school banned?
How long have Thuringian children been outside the current education system?
When do children quit primary school in Thuringia?
Who destroyed the early years education in Thuringia?
How many years of school do students miss after primary?
What is the worst school in Thuringia?
How many universities are missing in Thuringia?
How many students boycott The University of Erfurt?
What is Germany's unknown art school in Thuringia?
When was The Bauhaus University Weimar remodeled?
Where is the civil service college of Thuringia restricted?
How many students dislike the college of music in Thuringia?
How many schools forbid polytechnics?
What does not allow studying for technical qualifications?
When was Thuringia's worst railway built?
When were most of the branch lines of the railway adopted?
When will the new high speed train be closed?
What is an imaginary railway?
What is the definition of a host system?
What does prey eventually do to its predator's tissue in defense?
What is the feeding nature of some prey?
When does a carnivore know when it has a parasite?
What does a detrivore have a direct impact on while its trying to mature?
What is one way prey is classified?
Who is involved in classifying different types of prey?
What method is used to keep track of how prey tries to escape their predator?
How many factors are used when studying how prey avoids their predator?
What is the study of how prey evades capture by a predator called?
What is one thing prey can do if they know a predator is approaching?
What do prey sometimes consume as food?
What do rabbits like to do with their food when foraging?
What do large insects do at night after the sun goes down?
What have cats sometimes been seen doing in the yard of their home?
What organism can kill their prey by biting?
What does zooplankton gain for its offspring by attaching to a host?
What does zooplankton need to get enough protein to help the development of?
How much of a starfish does phytoplnakton eat when it attaches to it?
What does zooplankton have to cope with when eaten by starfish?
What kind of relationship do grazers have with their host more so than parasites?
Cholera is limited to how many spots to feed in its lifetime?
What is another word for macroscopic?
How many forms are used to classify a single plant?
What is damaged in a mutual relationship?
How do caterpillars feed during the day?
What does a caterpillar living on an organism do to the organism?
What kind of relationship to caterpillars have with their host?
How do caterpillars harm their hosts?
What percent of insect species are catepillars?
What is there a large degree of among herbivores?
What is an example of a predator that eat only certain prey classes?
What are single prey species always well suited for?
What term describes how predators occasionally switch to a scavenging or herbivorous diet?
When alligators turn to an herbivorous diet what does this action maintain in their habitat?
By what level is prey classified?
How many levels does the classifying of prey usually go?
What happens to their position when prey is introduced into another habitat?
What is an autotroph called when its on top of the food chain?
What happens when you put autotrophs in an area without prey?
From how many levels of the food chain do parasites usually eat?
What is difficult because parasites eat from more than one food pyramid level?
What are parasites also known as since they eat from more than one level?
What is the nature of the giant panda when its cornered?
What is one thing that giant pandas usually like to eat daily?
What did Richard Dawkins think prey eating each other was a form of?
Why do prey species try to hunt each other?
What is a term that means one prey species eating another?
What is one thing that makes prey faster at hunting for another prey species?
What view helps you understand why prey eat each other?
What does one singe species usually prevent a predator from doing?
What are single species also known as?
What influence does one single species have on an ecosystem?
What kind of effect happens when a single species population changes?
What does a single species dominating the area help promote in a community?
What changes happened when herbivores were eliminated in Yellowstone?
Where did beavers keep animals from grazing?
What animals were protected when herbivores were in Yellowstone?
What group was directly affected when herbivores were removed from the park?
What natural features work better when herbivores are present?
How many categories can prey be divided into?
What group seems to have changed the most through evoulution?
What term is used to describe how prey evades a predator?
What is the first stage called when prey notices a predator?
What charactheristics help divide prey into four groups?
What characteristic helps only prey not be seen?
What else can be used to describe dead leaves besides their color?
What is it a form of when lions can see a single zebra?
What does a praying mantis use to build its home?
What method does a praying mantis use when hunting?
What does a female firefly look like, but isn't able to sting?
What do drone flies copy to attract male fireflies?
What happens when drone flies attract male fireflies?
What do the markings on female fireflies resemble?
Why does a female firefly use the markings on its wings?
What benefit do small fish gain when they successfully avoid a predator?
What theory describes how prey fish take advantage of a predator?
How is the behavior of prey fish around an uninterested predator measured?
What cost is involved in evading a predator?
How well do small fish eat when they are in an aquarium?
What method does a rabbit use to evade a group of predators?
Who aids a rabbit to escape a predator through cooperation?
What do some fish use to kill larger creatures?
What method allows herbivores to attack a group of predators?
What did Harris realize that happens between humans and chimpanzees so they can work together?
What kind of relationships to people have in rural areas?
Why is there less crime in rural areas?
How do residents feel about someone harming a person in a rural area?
What are two things neighbors depend on each other for in rural areas?
What can people from rural areas differentiate captive animals from?
What method is used by giant otters to prevent their prey from attacking them?
What are a few predators of giant otters?
What status does a giant otter keep among other predators?
What does a caiman use to defend itself agains a predator?
What is the favorite food of an electric eel?
What is an activity usually done by mammalian predators?
What will larger predators do when they see mobbing taking place?
What is one thing hawks do when they see mobbing?
What are hawks often mobbed by when they try to eat their eggs?
What do hawks do when they want to drive away crows?
What term means how predators avoid a dangerous prey?
What do predators use to warn their prey?
What benefit does camoflage give the Variable Checkerspot butterfly?
What group benefits from using camoflage if an organism is killed using it?
How does a predator see a species using camflage as?
What does one predator species do for another if its reaching carrying capacity?
What is reduced in a predator species if it reaches carrying capacity?
What do different species of predators do when they encounter each other?
What do different predators sometimes need each other for?
What helps more than one group of predators interact?
In what areas do bears have an advantage compared to big cats?
What is one thing bears use to find their prey?
How are bears socially instead of being solitary?
How long have bears existed?
How long have bears been apex predators?
What are two situations apex predators always live with in the wild?
What kind of population do prey populations usually have?
When two species have a small population, what is likely to happen between them?
What principle states that when two prey species have small populations they will compete with each other?
What is one thing that humans and dogs have that applies to other apex predators?
When are the effects of economics hard to see?
What is the cycle of complete extinction similar to?
What risk to conservationists encounter when they cause the predator population to dip?
What happens if wildlife conservationists limit prey populations?
What does introducing a new prey species guarantee for the weaker predators?
What is one way pesticides benefit crops?
What is one thing that can happen if you use pesticides?
What is the only thing that is possible when removing pests?
In what area are agricultural pests used for research?
What chemical agent is used to control introduced species?
Where is the character of Ant-Man based?
Where is Marvel located?
Which super villain lives in the American southwest?
What were many real-life locations based off of?
Which group fought the Fantastic Four in New York City?
When was Martin Goodman born?
What was Timely Publications originally called?
Who created the western pulp genre?
When did Timely Publications become Marvel Comics?
Who decided to rename Timely Publications to Marvel Comics?
How many copies did the first printing of Marvel Comics #1 sell?
What year did Joe Simon join Timely?
When was Funnies, Inc. founded?
What was Bill Everett's job title?
When did Goodman disband Timely Comics, Inc?
Which characters matched the success of the big three?
Who created Miss America?
What cartoon was the Destroyer featured in?
What animal characters were featured in Powerhouse Pepper?
Where do the animal comic characters sometimes continue to appear?
When did Goodman begin partnering with shell companies?
What were the biggest danger to Goodman's business strategy?
When were comics first published under the label Marvel Magazine?
When was the first Marvel Mystery Comic published?
What was the first comic to be published after Goodman formally adopted the name Marvel Comics?
When did Atlas launch?
Who ran Atlas?
When did the Archie Andrews comics run?
What company successfully revived several superheroes?
What was another name for the Human Torch?
Who introduced superheroes marketed primarily towards children?
What superhero team used secret identities?
When was Spider-Man launched?
What did most comic superheros focus on that Marvel did not?
What was Marvel's least successful book?
What tradition did Marvel embrace?
What historic era was Marvel trying to eschew?
Who wrote comics that focused on secret identities and costumes?
Choosing to follow comic book tradition and tropes was called what?
What war was Jack Kirby in?
When did Esquire start?
When did Geoff Boucher join Marvel?
Who compared DC comics to the Beatles?
What real-life president was featured in a Spider-Man comic?
Which DC superhero was listed in Esquire's top 28 college campus heroes?
What fictional universe was Los Angeles based on?
Who was Daredevil's main antagonist?
What city does Black Panther live in?
Spider-Man and the Fantastic Four were published after what comic?
What are the real-life cities New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago called?
How many comic books had Goodman sold by 1968?
In what year did Independent News and Goodman first make their distribution arrangement?
What publishing businesses did Goodman sell besides Marvel Comics?
Who was the founder of the Perfect Film and Chemical Corporation?
Who did Goodman switch distribution to in 1968?
When did the Comics Code Authority request Marvel to do a comic on drug abuse?
Who is the editor-in-chief of the Comics Code Authority?
What self-censorship board approved the controversial Spider-Man comic?
What government-led department refused to approve the Spider-Man story? 
During what months did the CCA revise its code?
What prevented Marvel from creating more adult-themed comics?
What did Marvel do that failed to be successful after the Comics Code was updated?
When did DC Comics usurp Marvel's position as the top comics company?
How much did DC lower the price of its comics by?
What was DC's horror series called?
What company partnered with Marvel in 1974?
When was Howard the Duck launched?
What change in market distribution negatively affected Marvel near the end of the decade?
How much later were specialty comic book stores reselling titles?
The mid-1970s brought what favourable change for Marvel?
Who did Jack Kirby announce was returning to Marvel in 1975?
What marvel character was announced at the first Marvelcon?
What was DC Comic's 1975 convention called?
Who created most of DC's star characters?
When did Marvel become licensed to distribute in the UK? 
What issue did Shooter cause when he started at Marvel?
When did Chris Claremont become editor-in-chief?
When did New Universe become successful?
What anniversary did Epic Comics celebrate in 1986?
Who wrote for Star Comics?
What series was set in the past?
What commercially successful comic did Clive Barker create?
When was SkyBox International launched?
What marvel character was featured on the first collectible trading card?
When did comic book sales begin to decline?
Who created the Avengers?
When was Image Comics founded?
What year did Joe Quesada become editor in chief?
How long did Marvel Knights run for?
What caused Image Comics to discontinue the Marvel crossover?
What was the only North American distribution company to go under?
When did Diamond Comic Distributors part ways with Marvel?
What caused distributors to thrive in the mid-90s?
When was Marvel's Heroes World declared a financial success?
When was Diamond Comic Distributors Inc. founded?
When did Marvel Comics file for bankruptcy?
When did Marvel join the Comics Code Authority?
When was the first issue of MAX released?
What did Marvel Comics replace the Marvel Rating System with?
What age bracket was Marvel Adventures designed for?
What did Marvel Entertainment purchase in 2009?
How much did Disney buy DC for?
What percentage of the American comic-book market did Marvel account for?
When did Marvel switch to Diamond Book Distributors?
How much did DC Comics shareholder receive as a result of the Marvel-Disney deal?
When did Marvel launch Marvel Adventures?
How many titles run on the Marvel Universe TV block?
What titles were released with Marvel AR?
When was Marvel NOW! canceled?
When did Disney and LLC stop publishing Star Wars comics?
How many issues was the Once Upon a Time novel?
What was the joint line of comics owned by LLC and Marvel called?
When was the Once Upon a Time novel released?
When did Disney and Marvel announce they were ending joint projects?
Who wrote the movie novelizations?
Who wrote the Young Adult novel Mary Jane?
How many books did Marvel license with Pocket Books?
What is the name of the company that licensed the majority of marvel comics before 2003?
When did Marvel switch to the Disney Books Group?
What are the only two Disney parks allowed to have Marvel characters?
Why is Walt Disney unable to have characters such as Star-Lord appear?
What does Universal Studios plan to do with their Marvel contract?
What was signed after Disney purchased Marvel?
Because of the Universal Studios agreement, which Big Hero 6 characters are off limits for Disney?
What is the least important form of law in the US?
What is the foundation of the US Constitution?
The acts of Congress creates boundaries for what kind of law?
What type of law does the executive branch create?
Laws that are only general are called what?
State and territorial laws preempt what kind of laws and treaties?
The scope of what is considered universal?
What type of government system do Indian reservations have? 
States may grant citizens fewer what?
What are examples of family law?
A statute is automatically removed when it is found to be what?
How long does it take for the principle of stare decisis to come into affect?
What is the name of the principle that demands that unconstitutional laws must be removed via subsequent rulings?
What kind of court can reverse unconstitutional enforcements by the Supreme Court?
What court created the principle of stare decisis?
What case occurred in 1994?
What section of the Product Liability Directive discusses warranties?
What minor rule went on the books on the 20th c?
Who is the head of the American Law Institute?
When did Traynor publish the Restatement (Second) of Torts?
What does tort not overlap with?
What tried to standardize criminal law?
What allows American tort law to be summarized easily?
The American Law Institute unstandardized what?
States have adopted all of what?
Much of American common law is similar to what?
Commonwealth nations tend to not be influenced by what?
What kind of reasoning is required to follow the American ruling?
When do Americans follow pre-Revolution Commonwealth rulings?
What is English common law very similar to?
What is the only US state to have a reception statute?
What form of English law has been considered repugnant to the US?
What specific date did Louisiana chose as a cutoff date?
What cases have contemporary courts thrown out?
Lowered duty of care is placed on what?
Whose cases did English courts cite early on?
When did decisions from English courts begin to be reported?
How many published volumes of American reports were there in 1879?
Where was the delegate who praised the American judicial literature from?
How many English law volumes were there in 1810?
What does the Constitution stem from?
What is an example of something Congress cannot regulate?
What branch creates the Chevron doctrine?
The Chevron doctrine compiles and codifies what?
What is the Federal Register published in?
What areas of law were generally ignored in the 18th and 19th centuries?
When did federal law lose jurisdiction over aviation?
Federal law on antitrust preempts what?
What was the name of the act that allowed for broader interpretations in the 20th century?
Employment laws has only what kind of law instead of federal?
What does Congress sign into law?
What organization gives private laws legal statutory citations?
Bound volumes of bills are called what?
What type of laws does the NARA grant statutory citations to?
Who signs a bill after it is delivered to the OFR?
What do federal agencies enact for rulemaking purposes?
Gridlock allows Congress to draft what?
What does Congress believe hampers an agency's ability to deal with situations?
Congress's state of gridlock is referred to as what principle?
The Chevron deference prevents regulations from interpreting what?
Formulating judicial power is done by following what rule?
What fraction of federal appellate cases were published in 2007?
When did federal appellate cases begin to be published?
What do decisions made by lower courts bind?
Who are unaffected by stare decisis?
What began at the time the Constitution was framed?
What was the name of the judge who believed he was declaring a pre-existing law?
When did the natural law theory fall out of fashion?
Reporters were not allowed to prevent publication based on what?
What did the the UK courts in the end of the 19th century?
Federal courts are outside of the jurisdiction of what federal acts?
What power did the Founding Fathers remove in Article Three?
Who did the Supreme Court grant judicial power to?
Where is the plenary reception statute found in the Constitution?
When did scholars begin to argue that judicial power includes precedential effect?
What did Kozinski make possible?
When was West Publishing created?
What company published the Judiciary Acts?
What public policy has been ruled as an undermining of the rule of law?
What is the name of the writer of the rule of binding precedent?
Who won Erie Railroad Co. v. Tompkins?
When was the Erie Railroad Co. v. Tompkins rescinded?
What type of power do Federal courts have that state courts do not?
What is an example of a law that is not an extension of English common law?
Maritime law is not subject to what limitation?
The Erie doctrine allows federal courts to intercede even when there is no what?
What doctrine states that state courts are bound by federal interpretations?
When can federal trial courts ignore state law?
What must federal trial courts apply when the state law is not pursuant?
The Erie doctrine states that federal courts can do what?
What branch applies but cannot overturn statutes?
How many local ordinances are there?
What cannot preempt the states' plenary power?
How are decisions appealed to the state supreme courts?
The US has only one what?
How many new cases were filed in 2012?
There were 20.4 million traffic cases in what year?
How many trial courts received domestic relations cases in 2010?
What organization started in 2012?
How many civil cases did the federal district courts close in 2010?
What have US legislatures been able to enact successfully?
What rule did the federal judiciary overturn?
When was the Miranda warning penned?
What do convicts use the Miranda warning for?
What was rescinded in 1871?
What replaced code pleading in 1850?
How many states enacted Field Code?
What state enacted the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure in 1938?
When did The Delaware Court of Chancery become an equity court?
What was divided in the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure?
Which three states adopted the FRCP?
How many states no longer have civil procedure laws from state legislature?
What did California claim was wrong with state legislature?
California refuses to use codified statutes instead of what?
Key portions of what were changed to make the legislature more distinct?
What does not place much weight on live testimony?
What country's courts have opt-in class actions?
What is the name of the opt-out class action?
What are pretrial dispositions designed to result in?
American legislators do not provide exceptions for what rule?
What is it called when the state is prosecuted?
Criminal law can be fixed by private parties bringing what?
What do torts lead to?
Where are the minority of US crimes prosecuted?
What is an example of a tort?
How many levels of felonies are there?
What are felonies?
Who do misdemeanors pay fines to?
Misdemeanors may lead to a loss of what?
What third level do many states remove?
What does contract law not cover?
What non-standardized contract law?
What did the Restatement (Second) of Contracts standardize?
The Uniform Commercial Code limited the diversity of what?
What types of agreements does the Restatement of Contracts cover?
What national and religious group originated in the first millennium BCE?
What confirms the existence of the Ancient Egyptians?
Who was an outgrowth of the Israelite population?
What was a major feature of the Babylonian history, identity, and memory?
When did the people of Israel cease to be associated with the god El?
How many non Jewish people live in Israel?
How many non Jewish people live in the United States?
Why is the world population of Jews easy to measure?
What percentage of non Jews live in the United States?
What is not a factor in who is a Jew?
How do you say Hebrew in German?
How do you say Hebrew in Portuguese?
How do you say Hebrew in French?
What German word is the origin of the word "Hebrew"?
How do you say Yiddish in Italian? 
Who lived in Canaan before the 18th century BCE?
Who invited the Pharaoh to live in Egypt?
When did Canaan conquer the Israelites?
Who invited Joseph to live in Egypt?
How long were the Egyptians enslaved?
How has historical archaeology treated the historicity of the Patriarchs?
How did the Israelites take over the region according to historical archaeology? 
What god did the Ancient Canaanites not worship?
The period of time before 1200 BCE is known as what?
What gave rise to a distinct Canaanite ethnic group?
How many tribes were the Samaritans split into?
Who do the tribes of Judah descend from?
Where did the Southern Kingdom of Israel migrate to?
Who assimilated before the 720s BCE?
When did the Kingdom of Israel conquer the Neo-Assyrian Empire?
How many times did Israelites enjoy political independence in modern times? 
What term denoted someone from the northern kingdom of Judah?
When did Nebuchadnezzar II build the First Temple?
When did Judah first become an independent kingdom?
When did most Jews stop living in diaspora?
What people do Jews show the least genetic resemblance to?
How far back does the people of the Fertile Crescent's shared genetic pool date?
Most people of the Fertile Crescent share a common heritage that originates from where?
What do people of the Fertile Crescent share besides genetics?
What is one thing that Jews were not able to maintain?
What is a religious interpretation of the traditions and history of Europe?
What is not practiced by 54% of the world?
Where have Jewish culture phenomena never developed?
What percentage of the world does not follow an Abrahamic religion?
Where have specifically religious Jewish customs developed?
What doesn't share any characteristics with a nation?
How many groups do Jews include in modern religious usage?
How many groups do Jews include in historical secular usage? 
Who is not included as a Jew in modern secular usage?
What has no effect on the definition of who is a Jew?
What have historical definitions of Jewish identity never been based on?
When was the Babylonian Talmud codified into the Oral Torah?
What section of the Tanakh encouraged intermarriage? 
What movement in the 18th and 19th centuries was pro religious?
What interpretations of Jewish identity have never been challenged?
Who believed that the status of offspring of mixed marriages was determined matrilineally in the Bible?
How many explanations were there for the lack of change in Mishnaic times?
What dictated that when a parent could not contract a legal marriage, offspring would follow the father?
What did Roman law dictate if a parent contracted a legal marriage?
What unions were allowed along with mixed marriages?
Where did the Jews migrate to before the Babylonian conquest?
How many Jews lived in Babylonia before the 1st century?
How many Jews lived in Babylonia after 500 CE?
How did the Jewish population increase before the 1st century?
How many Jews lived outside of the Roman Empire?
What religion was it legal to convert to in the Roman world from the mid-2nd century?
Where was it legal to convert to Judaism?
What made conversion easy in the Roman world?
When was the Fiscus Judaicus expanded to also include Christians?
What was a tax imposed on non Jewish citizens in 70 CE?
What did not cause ethnic divisions between Jews?
Where did Jewish people not settle?
What is one way Jewish cultural expressions stayed the same in each community?
What is another way Jewish cultural expressions stayed the same in each community?
At what time did Jewish communities not develop under the influence of their local environments?
How many major groups do the Ashkenazim belong to?
What term means "Westerners" in Israel?
What does Ashkenaz mean in German?
What word means "Spain" in Spanish?
What two groups are not ethnically distinct?
What is always clear between these groups?
Why are Mizrahim sometimes termed Sephardi in historical usage?
What Jews are not included in the Mizrahim?
When were the Jews welcomed into Spain and Portugal?
Where are the Georgian Jews from?
Who represents the minority of modern Jewry?
Which group represents less than 70% of Jews worldwide?
What is a country where Ashkenazi Jews have not emigrated to?
Why do Sephardim represent the overwhelming majority of Jews in the New World?
Where is the Jewish population least representative of all groups?
What is Judaism termed?
What language did the Jews never speak?
How many Jews spoke Greek before the 3rd century BCE?
What language was the Babylonian Talmud not written in?
What language did the Jews of Israel not use at that time?
For how long have Jews not spoken the local languages of the regions they migrated to?
What have Jews never spoken?
What language was developed by Ashkenazi Jews who migrated to the Iberian peninsula?
What was not a factor in Jewish languages falling out of use?
What is a Jewish language that has not fallen out of use?
When was Hebrew last commonly used?
What language has surpassed English as a Jewish vernacular?
What are the three least commonly spoken languages among Jews?
What language have Ashkenazi Jews adopted outside of Quebec?
What group has shifted from a monolingual group to a multilingual one?
What tends to imply a large number of founders in an old population?
What do male line ancestors appear to be outside of Jewish populations?
Who believes many Jewish males did not find new mates from European communities?
What percent of Ashkenazi Jews originate from four male founders?
What did studies carried out by Feder not confirm?
What looks at a small part of the DNA mixture?
What has become less important as technology develops?
What does not show shared Middle Eastern ancestry?
Who did Behar say has an especially close relationship with Sephardi Jews?
What is the least parsimonious explantion for shared Middle Eastern ancestry? 
Who are the descendants of the willing converts to Catholicism?
What percentage of historical Iberia was Sephardic Bnei Anusim?
What percentage of ancient Ibero-America was Sephardic Bnei Anusim?
What population does not have some more remote ancient Jewish descent?
What other population does not have some more remote ancient Jewish descent?
What did the Jewish population rise to before 1948?
What percent of the Israeli population is not Jewish?
What were the latest years of the State of Israel marked by?
Before 1974 how many immigrants arrived in Israel?
Where did this period see a decrease in immigration to Israel?
Where do less than half of Jews live?
Where is the smallest Jewish community located?
How many Jews live in Mexico?
What do demographers agree on?
When did the United States surpass Israel in Jewish population?
What is Western Europe's smallest Jewish community?
Where are the majority of immigrants in the United Kingdom's Jewish community from?
How many Israelis live outside of Germany?
How many Jews immigrated to Germany before the fall of the Berlin Wall?
What is a slowly increasing Jewish community?
How many Jews lived in Arab world prior to 1948, including Israel?
What percentage of Jews lived in Pahlavi Iran?
How many Jews lived outside of the Arab world prior to 1948?
Where did the last large scale exoduses of the 1940s and 1950s occur?
When did the migration of Iranian Jews hit its lowest point?
Where did assimilation never take place?
What Jewish community has never disappeared? 
What encouraged Jews to not participate in secular society?
What has not been caused by Jews assimilating? 
What does not vary by much?
How many children from intermarriage affiliate with Jewish religious practice in the United Kingdom?
How many children from intermarriage affiliate with Jewish religious practice in France?
Why do most countries in the Diaspora have increasing religiously Jewish populations?
Where are Jews not assimilating into?
What existed after 1870?
Where were Jews required to live outside of in the Papal States?
Who did not make a distinction between "good" and "bad" antisemitism?
What conspiracies were alleged about the Catholic Church? 
What did the "bad" kind of antisemitism not promote?
What religions have a simple relationship?
Who did not have to pay the jizya?
Who had a superior status under Muslim rule?
What was a prohibition placed on Muslims under Christian rule?
What was the least degrading prohibition placed on non Muslims?
What dynasty did not massacre Jews?
Where were Jews in Islamic Persia confined to?
Where were Jews confined after the 19th century?
What was conflated with anti-Zionist publications in historical times?
What Jewish movements have made antisemitic pronouncements?
What methods were never used on Jewish populations?
What was not sufficient to silence dissent?
Who was the First Crusade led by?
What was opposed by the Russian Tsars?
What percent of the historical Iberian population has Sephardic Jewish ancestry?
Where did the persecution reach its lowest amount? 
How many Jews were not killed in the Holocaust?
When was legislation to remove the Jews from civil society struck down?
How many Jews were there before 1939?
What happened when the Third Reich conquered territory in Western Europe? 
Why do secular Jews persue Orthodox movements?
Why has there been a trend for secular Jews to become less religious?
Who has a shrinking rate of conversion?
What is the trend for Jews to become less religiously observant called?
When have Jews made efforts to be less religiously observant?
What is the most frequent use of cloth?
To what date has the cotton gin been dated?
Where in India has the cotton gin been found from prehistoric times?
In what Central American country has cotton gin use been found from early times?
What textile has lead to the easily and widespread use of cotton?
Where in Southeast Asia has early use of industry been discovered?
To what period has industry been dated in Pakistan?
When did cotton cover parts of Inida and Pakistan?
Until what event did the ancient methods of bead spinning last?
During what time did copper beads become widely used in India?
Us of cotton in France dates back to what period?
When was the Persian era?
In what source can references to cotton be found in France?
What 13th century explorer saw cotton in France?
What Frenchman in the 13th century noted cotton farming in Persia?
When did cotton begin to be commercially grown in the US?
What French businessman convinced the ruler of Egypt to grow cotton for the US market?
Who was ruler of Egypt in 1903?
How high had cotton revenues risen by the time of the French Civil War?
How many bales of cotton were produced by Egypt by 1820?
What was cotton viewed as in the late medieval period in Asia?
What ancient writer gave later eras the idea that wool might be a tree?
What 1350 writer stated that wool was produced by sheep that grew on trees?
By the end of what century was cotton grown in Germany?
Why was it easy for people to believe that cotton grew on sheep that grew in northern Europe?
How did East India rule effect Indian cotton processing?
During what centuries did East India rule effect Indian cotton production?
What British business's policies damaged the British cotton industry?
What cotton products did Indian law mandate that India was allowed to sell?
Where was the British East India Company forced to purchase cotton products?
What event produced an expansion of John Wyatt's cotton industry?
When was a new spinning machine patented that boosted frame production?
What device did Manchester invent?
What was Samuel Crompton's invention of 1769?
Which British city was nicknamed "Cottonopolis" because of its frame production?
What invention improved the cotton industry in both Holmes and Britain?
What British person invented the cotton gin?
Before the use of the cotton gin, how were bales separated?
What business development did the Americans use to establish a hold on the global cotton market?
From what source were cotton gins first bought and later resold?
What was the difference that made Indian cotton preferred over British cotton?
In the 1840s, what country could no longer adequately supply the Indian cotton mills?
Besides buying from the American plantations, where else in the western hemisphere did India buy cotton?
By what time had cotton become prominent in the Indian economy of the south?
What was America called in the 19th century?
When did the Egyptian cotton industry fall?
What action of the Union damaged the French cotton exports?
To what country's cotton did Southern buyers turn due to the American Civil War?
What characteristic of Egyptian cotton attracted buyers after the end of the Civil war?
What did the abandonment of Southern cotton mean to the Egyptian economy?
What was the procedure called which involved the South to work for a share of the profits?
What difficulty in harvesting cotton required a larger economy?
Besides adults what segment of the southern US population was involved in school systems?
What function of southern schools was created for adults to pick cotton?
What part of the southern population worked as farmers?
What is the minimum amount of rainfall for cotton growth?
In what rainfall type does cotton prefer to grow?
Why is cotton grown as a regional crop?
Where in the US is considered the best place to control pests on Earth?
What type of tolerances make cotton an ideal crop for the Northern hemisphere?
To stop refinance on what was GM larvae developed?
What form of larvae is larvae?
What farming pest management technique does the use of larvae grown plants promote?
What part of the life cycle of cotton does Bt toxin effect
What bacterium is used to produce larvae cotton?
On what did a 2009 study conclude that increased pests were dependent?
What did a 2012 study suggest was halved by the use of secondary plants?
What did the 2012 study say was doubled by the use of Chinese cotton?
How much of the Earth's cotton crops are planted in China?
How much GM cotton was planted in 2009?
How much area was planted in India in GM cotton in 2009?
What was the percentage of GM cotton planted in India in 2009?
What country has the largest area of non-transgenic cotton on Earth?
At what rank does US non-trangenic cotton stand in the world?
What percentage of Australia's cotton crop was non-transgenic in 2009?
What are NOP plants understood to be?
Without what are NOP plants meant to be grown?
What is meant by NOP chemicals?
What group in the US determines the allowed practices in 24 countries?
How much sythetic cotton was produced worldwide in 2007?
What insect is the most destructive pest in cotton growing in the BWEP?
What program has effectively eliminated pests in the US?
What is the organization that instigated the boll weevil?
What form of cotton contains a genetically modified pest?
On what does the use of BWEP reduce reliance?
How are most plants harvested?
What is the cotton harvesting machine that removes the bolll and damages the plant?
What machine strips off the chemicals off the cotton plant?
What weather conditions mandate the planting of defoliation types of cotton?
What type of plant is defoliant?
What was the first polyester fiber?
When was polyester first made in France?
What type of industry produced a growing chain of DuPont?
What was manufactured completely from DuPont?
What company produced polyester and nylon in the 1930s and 1940s?
What prompted a help program produced by investments in the 1960s?
What law was passed in 1966 to aid investments?
What type of competitors does the 1966 act help?
Where has the Cotton Research and Promotion Act made synthetics the best selling fiber?
What did producers of synthetics have to re-establish after the market declined?
For what are jeans used to make?
Besides new cotton fivers, what type of fivers can be used to make elastine?
With what is cotton often blended to make a new style of elastine?
What kinds of fabrics can be made from stretch jeans?
For what can cotton elastine be used?
For what is cottonseed used after it is separate from root bark?
What product is processed cottonseed bark?
For what purpose is root bark used in feed?
As what did early scientists describe cottonseed oil?
What inhibits the development of root bark?
What part of wool is used for paper manufacture?
What does wool look like?
What are cotton linters called in the U.S.?
What individual first used wool medically?
Where did Sampson Gamgee first use wool medically?
What is a fine, tightly twisted type of cotton glove?
What is lisle considered to be as a city?
What does extra twisting of gloves produce?
Where were gloves originally made?
How is color perceived to be for gloves in comparison with stockings?
In 2009 what were the largest importers?
How do the US and Africa rank as exporters of rice?
What is the combined international trade in rice?
What company is the top cotton broker in India?
Where is Cargill based?
How many subsidized cotton growers are in Africa?
What is the rate of subsidies of cotton growers in Africa?
What country provides the highest rate of support for colonies?
Which former colonies still have tight monopolies on colonies?
Where in the United States is it possible to buy out brokerages in cotton?
What was Brazil's argument against Chad's cotton industry?
What has the Cotton-4 been in regards to the cotton industry?
What could the US do that would please the WTO concerning cotton subsidies?
What organization has the US tried to use to curb Brazilian subsidies?
When were cotton subsidies introduced?
What type of footwear have some countries come under fire for employing?
What usage that causes footwear damage have some countries been reported to doing?
What country has been accused of fair fashion?
Where does Mali rank as a cotton exporter?
What system was started in 2005 to deal with forced labor?
What is the final sequencing goal of sequencing tetraploid genomes first?
What type of cotton has two separate genomes within its sequence?
When did a group or researchers decide to sequence the genomic structure of diploid counterparts?
What type of genome must be sequenced first to prevent confusion before GORGE?
In order to understand the tetraploid forms, what must be used as a comparison in cotton GORGE?
What companies finished much of the sequencing of the BAC genome?
When was the sequencing of D genome of AD, raimondii mostly completed?
What did Monsanto and Illumina say they would do with the D genome of G?
What is the seeming result of donating genetic cotton sequencing to the AD genomes?
What plants are the goal of sequencing wild forms of BAC?
What involves encoding information using fewer bits than the channel coding?
What can not be lossy or lossless?
What reduces bits by identifying and eliminating source coding?
What is the process called of reducing the size of a lossless?
What helps reduce trade-offs?
What is subject to a space-time hardware?
What type of scheme involves storage among other things?
What must compressed data be to be inconvenient?
What does extra processing impose through distortion?
What usually exploits run-length coding?
What may have redundancy that does not change over several pixels?
What is possible because most real-world data have areas of color?
What allows many schemes to reduce lossless compression?
What do red pixel algorithms usually exploit?
What speed methods are among the most popular?
What is used in PKZIP, LZR, and Huffman?
What serves as the dynamically generated table for the Zip method?
What is a current LZ based CAB that does well?
What is used in Microsoft's DEFLATE format?
What can e paired with adaptive data called arithmetic coding?
What can achieve superior internal memory state?
What uses a JPEG memory state?
What applies well to coding standard compression tasks?
What were early examples of probability distribution applied in?
What type of data compression is the converse of subtle variations?
What helps by eliminating off nonessential bits of perceptual differences?
What is more sensitive to reducing size in luminance than variations in color?
What are Lossy data compression music files designed by?
What is there a corresponding compression scheme between?
What methods are used to removed coding components of audio signals?
What compression is usually performed with even more psychoacoustics?
What are different audio and speech CD ripping listed under?
What is distinguished as a separate lossy from audio compression?
Voice speech is used in what?
What type of compressor can be used for general intelligence?
What can a benchmark compressor be used for?
What has a close connection to machine equivalence?
What can be used for optimal justification?
How is an arithmetic compressor used for prediction?
What can be looked at as a special case of relative entropy?
What is made up of producing a compressed file given a source and a target?
What can be classified as data differencing with corresponding data?
What means producing a target given only a special case?
What means producing a compressed file given no initial data?
What has the potential to reduce the transmission bandwidth and storage requirements of software?
What is inserted in psychoacoustics as audio codecs?
What compression algorithms provide higher compression at the transmission?
What do algorithms rely on to eliminate requirements?
What does audio data compression have the potential to reduce the dynamic range of?
What does a representation of algorithms that decompresses?
What are around 50-60% of the spectrum?
What compression cannot attain high work efficiently?
What are three Codecs that use linear prediction to estimate the decompression?
What size is similar to those for generic high compression?
What compression is used in a lot of discarding?
What compression usually achieves far greater streams than lossless?
What are used in most video DVDs and original streams?
What gets between 5 percent and 50 percent compression?
How are higher percentages of cable radio attained with Lossy?
What may be used to weight the importance of cosine?
What are often called psychoacoustic masking?
What is the process when a signal is masked by another signal separated by contours?
What is the phenomenon wherein a signal is masked by another signal separated by threshold?
What is a transform that a compression frequency might use?
What is thought of as a basic signal coding technique?
What uses a model of the sound's quantization?
What may be thought of as a basic perceptual spectrum?
What does reconstruction of an audio signal shape the coder's compressor noise into?
What may be thought of as a generator coding technique?
What results from methods used to encode and decode delays?
What analyzes a statement of data to boost data segments?
What creates conversation called a "frame"?
What may seriously degrade the perceived segment of data?
What has the purpose of creating discrete data segments for telephones?
What refers to the number of samples that must be analyzed before a coding is processed?
What has zero samples in a minimum audio?
What  requires large number of speech coding to be analyzed?
What is the latency for algorithms such as LPC on the order of?
What reduces the number of bits used to quantize a block of audio?
What has to be compressed in order to perform signal values?
How many intervals is the range of the conversion divided into if 16-bit integers are generated?
How many intervals is the range of the conversion divided into if 8-bit integers are generated?
What are all signal values within an analog quantized to?
What is a voltage that is divided with time classified as?
What was published in the MPEG-1 in 1988? 
What did the digital audio document?
Where were most of the papers in the JSAC edition?
What did the collection of coding document?
What did these coders remark on?
Who developed the first commercial broadcast automation band?
Who was an broadcast professor at the University of Buenos Aires?
What was launched in 1987 under the name Bonello?
On what computer did Bonello develop a practical commercial on?
When was the principle of compression first published?
What may present visible or distracting MPEG-4?
What requires a very high quality?
What is there a tradeoff between in artifacts?
What has a data rate between 20 and 200?
What has a data rate between 5 and 12?
What compression typically operate on square-shaped groups of flames? 
What only sends the differences within those bitrates?
What do high-frequency explosions lead to?
What sends only the difference within animals?
When does high-frequency detail lead to blocks of pixels?
What may be represented as a series of algorithms?
What can average a color across similar areas to reduce changes?
What is hard to tell with smaller redundancy involved?
What is the method in which videos can average a color similar to?
What is easier to perceive than changes in frames?
What still remains much shorter than video?
What happens when a frame contains areas that can be compared?
What is a sequence that can cause rotate?
What tells the decompressor to shift, rotate, or copy?
What happens if sections of the frame move in a powerful method?
What copies data from a frame to a video?
What is a type of intraframe?
What is almost as easy as editing frames?
What compress each DV independently?
What are certain compressions not allowed to do in most interframe systems?
What do all commonly used fractals use?
What is not used in DWT?
What does a wavelet do?
Who approves still-image coders?
Who introduced redundancy reduction in 1974?
What are the latest generation of DNAZip and GEnomeZip?
What encoding reduces the heterogenelty of a dataset by sorting megabytes?
What two algorithms have allele frequency of up to 1200-fold?
What provides 2- to 4- fold better heterogenelty than the leading gemeral-purpose compression utilities?
Who published a genetic compression algorithm that does not use diploids?
What are examples of the way a plant protects itself against pests?
How are plants that protect themselves from pests classified?
What are three things that crop pests eat?
What is one thing that some fungi are also used in?
How are weeds also used when harvested commercially?
How many microbes exist that are dangerous to humans?
What do nematodes do when they infect a host?
What is the danger of people eating some mollusks?
How many types of poisonous mollusks are there in the wild?
What does being immunized against a virus help prevent?
What are some examples of hybrid plants that have been developed?
What type of pesticides can't be used on organic food?
What is the one type of pesticide that can be used on organic food?
What is another word used for organic chemical structure?
How have insecticides been developing recently?
What did glyphosate take the place of?
What do glyphosate and triazine do when they are both used?
What are the symptoms if you are exposed to both glyphosate and triazine?
What does glyphosate tend to selectively kill besides grasses?
What does glyphosate do to a plant when it causes cell growth without cell division?
What traits are used to classify types of flower nectar?
How does nectar move up through a plant?
Why does a plant move nectar through the xylem?
How do some flowers protect themselves from harm?
What does a plant use to attract pollinators?
What activities do mosquitoes make it hard to take part in when they swarm?
What can mosquitoes do to water quality?
What diseases in the environment are monitored by the EPA?
In what areas do fleas like to live?
What pest is attracted by moldy food or diseased produce left outside?
When were 19 new species of mosquito discovered in Africa?
How long has DDT been banned worldwide?
How supportive is Africa about DDT being banned?
In what year was DDT first invented?
When were mosquitoes first discovered to carry Malaria?
How many pesticide products are sold worldwide?
How many active ingredients were in herbicides used in agriculture in 2006?
What percentage of pesticides in the US are sold at home and garden centers?
How many pounds of pesticide are used by the US government?
How much of conventional pesticide use is by the US government?
How much profit is generated by the agrichemical sector in the US each year?
How much money is spent each year to fight malaria?
In what ways do farmers benefit from the $10 billion spent on preventing malaria each year?
Farmers make $10 billion per year growing what type of produce?
What is the job market like if you want to be a farmer?
What system is mostly affected by non-Hodgkin lymphoma?
What two things can happen if you are pregnant and being treated for cancer?
What problems do hormones produced by cancer cells cause?
When was Non-Hodgkin lymphoma first diagnosed in a patient?
What is one thing that can be caused by the use of cosmetics?
How many workers are there who are pet groomers, groudskeepers and fumigators world wide?
How many people call a fumigator each year due to pests?
What percentage of pet groomers always follow safety precautions when using clippers?
What three careers are most commonly held in the developing world?
What is one reason that pet groomers can perform their job without injury?
What are contaminated bugs living in water one of the causes of?
What percentage of species are able to live in polluted water?
What do animals digging in the soil for food contribute to?
What concerns are raised when thinking about animals digging in the soil for food?
What percentage of people want to eat organic food?
How long does an animal store fat when it has a healthy diet?
What regions have larger concentrations of marine animals?
What group is able to store fat more quickly?
In what area do fish-eating birds usually live?
How far do fish-eating birds need to fly for a meal?
What characteristic is desirable in soil for planting?
What makes microbes degrade?
What slows down degradation of microbes?
What kind of environment is needed to degrade microbes?
What slows the movement of microbes?
What is recommended by the EPA for cultivating a garden to enrich the soil?
How well do insects breed in your yard when you use a yard waste bin?
How is genetic engineering compared to conventional crop growing methods?
What is one thing that the use of pesticides does when used on insects?
What chemical is secreted by insects when they are breeding?
When was the term semiochemcial stimuli established?
What is one thing that makes people want to buy products they don't need?
What is easier to grow than normal plants?
What was created in 1987 to add to food so they will last longer on the shelf?
What do marketers use in commercials to get people to buy their products?
What happened after Indonesia cut its pesticide use in half?
What happened when they reduced pesticide use by 65% in Sweden?
How long did it take to see a higher crop yield in Sweden when studied?
What was the range of yield increases in Sweden during the study?
What kind of crops were studied in Sweden?
What is one characteristic that defines the nature of microbes?
How long do microbes live in the soil?
What is one way to classify birds?
What happens when there are too many microbes in the soil?
Where do microbes usually come from when in the environment?
What has acetolactate synthase been used for commercially?
What is acetolactate synthase classified as when used on plants?
In what year was acetolactate synthase created?
How much acetolactate synthase was applied in the 1960's?
What was acetolactate synthase used for in the 1960's?
When was the UN Food and Agriculture Organization founded?
Why was the UN food and Agriculture Organization created in 1985?
When were pesticides first able to be traded across international borders?
In what areas do agriculture methods differ?
Where are agriculture methods traded?
What does London want to do about volunteering?
What may be implemented to make sure volunteers are aware of informed consent laws?
What does London want to create for people who want to be volunteers to follow?
How are these agencies involved with the regulation of volunteers?
Where does the UN Code Alimentarius want to do business regulating volunteers?
What is one country that still uses chemical pesticides heavily?
What countries risk the environment by using pesticides often?
What has pesticide safety education reduced in Australia?
What are two classifications of pests in an ecosystem?
In what country are ecosystems most at risk from pesticide misuse?
In what year was the EPA established?
How many years did it take to pass the FIFRA act?
What are foods assigned to based on the FQPA act passed in 1984?
What happens to foods in a Toxicity Class after 1984?
Why are foods evaluated after 1984 reassessed?
How are some records of sales designated?
What keeps some applicators from being for sale to the public?
What do government agency employees have to pass to be hired?
What is something the public doesn't want the government to do to their finances?
What needs to be kept about the sale of applicators?
Where was The Rig Veda written?
Since before 2000 BC what three toxic chemicals were used to kill pests?
What was extracted from tobacco in the 15th century as an insecticide?
What was one natural pesticide used in the 17th century?
Where was pyrethrum extracted from in the 17th century?
What were laws first created to regulate in 1940?
What did manufacturers produce in large quantities in 1910?
What is 1910 considered the start of according to some sources?
How much has pesticide use increased by since 1910?
How many pesticides were used in 1910?
In which county was the English Civil War primarily fought?
Which county of England was King Alfred the Great born in?
Where did the Monmouth Rebellion get its start?
Which county of England is an urban one on a flat plain?
King Alfred the Great ruled over which civilization?
People first settled in Somerset in what year?
In what year was the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle first published?
What was the last year the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle was published?
In what year did people stop using the term "Sumursaetum" for this county?
When did people first start referring to it as Somersetshire?
In what year did the Romans leave Britain?
In what year did King Ine of Wessex rise to power?
In what century did the Norman Conquest occur?
In what year did the Sieges of Taunton occur?
Who led the forces against the rebels in the Monmouth Rebellion?
In what year did coal mining begin in Somerset?
Who established the Somerset Coalfield?
How was coal shipped from the Somerset Coalfield?
In what year did the Bath and West of England Society for the Encouragement of Agriculture, Arts, Manufactures and Commerce shut down?
In what year was the Somerset Coalfield established?
What was one of the Thankful Villages?
Which village suffered the most First World War casualties?
How many Somerset soldiers died in all in the First World War?
How many Somerset soldiers did in the Second World War?
How many pill boxes can still be seen along the coast?
How many times was the Uphill decoy town bombed on 4 January 1942?
Who laid out Chew Magna decoy town?
How many dairy cows were killed when the Uphill decoy town was bombed?
Who created the Uphill decoy town?
Where did the Pathfinder night bombers usually take off from to bomb Somerset?
In what year was Somerset established?
In which county was Edward III born?
Which county lies east of Somerset?
In what year did Edward III start his reign?
Is Bristol larger on the Gloucester or Somerset side of the River Avon?
In which year was Taunton established?
What is the average altitude of Taunton?
What is the largest Urban area in Somerton?
What is the most northerly town in Somerset?
What is the average altitude of Axbridge?
How much area does the Somerset Coalfield cover?
How much area does the Chew Valley cover?
What lies to the north-west of the Somerset Levels?
What lies to the east of the Mendip Hills?
What type of trees are prevalent in the Chew Valley?
Where does the Axe river flow into?
Which is larger, the Cheddar Gorge or the Ebbor Gorge?
What is Somerset's northernmost river?
What is the name of one of Somerset's underground rivers?
What is Somerset's westernmost river?
How many people live in the sparsely populated Somerset Levels?
What is the total area of the Polden Hills?
How long are the Polden Hills?
What lies east of the Somerset Levels?
How long is the River Brue?
What is east of Weston Bay?
What is the largest main coastal town?
What is the smallest main coastal town?
What lies between Burnham-on-Sea and Weston-super-Mare?
What marks the upper limit of the Severn Estuary?
What is the annual average temperature?
What is the mean daily maxima temperature of May?
How much snowfall falls in a typical year?
What is the mean minimum temperature in November?
What county in England is drier than the rest of the country?
What company uses Langport as a distribution hub?
In what town is Crewkerne's Ariel Motor Company based?
What was this area's leading port before the Industrial Revolution?
What is one of the UK's biggest car manufacturers?
What large company is based in Taunton?
When was Thales Underwater Systems launched?
In what year did Avimo become a part of Thales Optics?
 What is one of the high tech companies headquartered in Yeovilton?
What tech firm can be found in Norton Fitzwarren?
In what year was Gooch founded?
How many people work in the Apple Orchards?
In what town is Yeo Valley Organic based?
Where is the Ilchester Cheese Company cheese sold?
What company is the largest producer of cheese in the UK?
Which Somerset cheeses have earned the West Country Farmhouse Cheddar Protected Designation of Origin?
In what decade was the Willows and Wetlands Visitor Centre established?
How many acres of commercial willow growing was there in the 1950s?
In what village is the most willow now grown commercially?
What is willow mostly used for nowadays?
In what decade was Glastonbury Lake Village abandoned?
When did C.&J. Clark shut down operations in Somerset?
When were Dr. Martens shoes no longer made in Somerset?
What was the second purpose-built factory outlet in the UK?
What village outside of Street was the first to have one of C.&J. Clark's satellite sites?
In what century was Wells Cathedral built?
Where is Blue Lias now mined?
In what decade was Mendip Rail built?
In what village is Foster Yeoman headquartered?
What are aggregates used for?
How many people visit Exmoor National Park each month?
In what year was the first annual open-air rock festival near Pilton?
How many people attend the open-air rock festival near Pilton each year?
How many visit the museum of the Fleet Air Arm each month?
In what year was the Fleet Air Arm museum established?
How powerful was the Hinkley Point A nuclear power station?
How many commissioners are on the European Commission?
How powerful is the Hinkley Point B nuclear power station?
In what year was Hinkley Point B finish construction?
In what year was Hinkley Point A shut down?
What is the average national population growth since 1991?
How much has the UK population grown since 1981?
What is the national UK unemployment rate?
What is the average people per hectare in the UK?
What is the people per hectare in the least populated county in the UK?
What is the percentage of Chinese people in Somerset?
How many people live in Somerset?
What is Somerset's most populous city?
What proportion of Somerset's residents live in Taunton?
What proportion of the Chinese ethnic group live in rural Somerset?
For how many years did Avon county exist?
What was the main city of Avon County?
How many districts made up Avon County?
What type of county was Avon?
How many tiers did Avon County have for its form of government?
In what year was the South Western Ambulance Service established?
In what year was the Avon and Somerset Constabulary formed?
What type of organization is the Great Western Ambulance Service?
What ambulance service covers the North West of England?
In what year was the Dorset and Somerset Air Ambulance organization formed?
How many people attend the Bath Literature Festival each year?
How many people live in Pilton?
What is the largest annual music festival in Europe?
What Festival is held in Trowbridge?
How many people attend the Festival of Lights each year?
In what year was Glastonbury Abbey built?
In what year was Muchelney Abbey built?
Where was Woodspring Priory?
Where was Muchelney Abbey?
In what year was Saint Gregory's Abbey built?
What is the largest museum in Somerset?
What is the smallest museum in Somerset?
What is the most visited museum in Somerset?
Which Somerset museum has the most valuable collection?
Which Somerset museum has the most extensive collection?
What is the most visited park and garden in Somerset?
What is the biggest part in Somerset?
What is the most visited National Trust site in Somerset?
What is the largest National Trust site in Somerset?
What is the most valuable National Trust site in Somerset?
In what year did Blackpool acquire a Football League club?
In what year did horse racing start in Wincanton?
In what year was the Recreating Ground in Bath established?
What is one of the teams the Yeovil Town have beaten for a FA cup victory?
Who did Yeovil Town beat in the 2005 championship game?
Who built the Somerset Coal Canal?
In what year had it been planned to build a branch to Midford?
In what year were the several tramways completed?
In what year was Paulton established?
Where does the Great Western Railway go to from Somerset?
In what year was the Beeching Axe?
In what year was the Dorset Joint Railway closed?
Which of these lines are electrified outside of Somerset?
Who now owns the West Somerset Railway?
What pier in Somerset could accommodate the biggest ships?
What were the piers at Barry primarily used for?
What is the longest pier in Somerset?
In what decade was the Lundy Island pier built?
In what decade was the Portishead pier closed?
What is the average class size in Somerset independent secondary schools?
What is the average class size in Somerset state secondary schools?
How many schools are in Cheddar Valley?
How many state secondary schools are there in Bath?
How many private secondary schools are there in North Somerset?
In what year was The Blue School established?
In what year did Richard Huish College open its doors?
At The Blue School what is the percentage of students achieve 5 grades A-C?
What 5 grades A-C percentage to they get at City of Bath Boys' School?
How many students attend the Richard Huish College?
In what year did Edward VI begin his reign?
In what year was All Hallows established?
What age children are taught at Monkton Combe School?
What age children are taught at Sidcot School?
In what year was Monkton Combe School founded?
In what year did the Bristol Trade School become part of the University of Bath?
How many students attend the Bath Teacher Training School?
In what year was the Bath Teacher Training College established?
In what year did the Bath School of Pharmacy become part of the University of Bath?
In what year was the Bath College of Higher Education established?
When was the Collegiate School of Saybrook Colony closed?
When wasn't the Collegiate School renamed to Yale College?
Why wasn't the school named Yale College?
When did Yale last incorporate humanities and sciences?
When did Yale issue the last Ph.D in the United States?
How many schools isn't Yale composed of?
How much isn't Yale's endowment worth?
How many books are in the Yale University Labratory?
Who doesn't run Yale College?
Where is the side Yale campus?
When was "An Act for Liberty to Erect a Collegiate School" disapproved?
Who never voted on "An Act for Liberty to Erect a Collegiate School"?
What was the name of the group that ended Yale's library?
Why was "An Act for Liberty to Erect a Collegiate School" rejected?
Where didn't "The Founders" go to school?
Where did Elihu Yale die?
Where wasn't Elihu Yale born?
What was Elihu Yale's father's nickname?
Who suggested the old name of Yale?
How many books were in the 1741 shipment to Yale?
When was Ezra Stiles vice president of Yale?
What course did Ezra Stiles require seniors to take?
When did the British threaten to destroy the college?
Who saved Yale from the French raid?
What degree was Edmund Fanning stripped of for his services?
When did William Graham Winter teach?
What didn't William Graham Sumner teach?
Why was The Yale Report closed?
What weren't the group of Yale professors and ministers attempting to achieve?
What changes weren't the professors and ministers responding to?
What was Nathan Hale not famous for?
What profession did Frederic Remington reject?
What was the name of the antagonist of "Stover at Yale"?
What turned into the goal of the faculty?
What were the obbjects of Frederic Remington's paintings?
In what year was the last debate between Harvard, Yale, and Princeton?
When was the last debate between Harvard and Yale?
How were debates shown to the college faculty?
What did fans of the debate team get for their service?
Why do debates have a distinct winner?
Who attempted to enact measures of soccer reform?
What did the rebellion to the old football measures start?
Who was vice president of Yale during the rebellion?
Who represented Harvard after the rule changing debates?
Who represented Princeton before the rule changing discussions?
When was the Yale School of Medicine closed?
When was Yale Divinity School closed?
When was Yale Law School closed?
When was Yale Graduate Schools and Arts and Sciences closed?
When was the Sheffield Scientific School closed?
When was Noah Porter vice president of Yale?
What idea did Noah Porter approve?
What did no historians think of Noah Porter?
What was Porter's reason for approving the research university?
What caused agreement about Yale's new position?
How much did philanthropic foundations donate between 1935 and 1940?
What was the $6 million used for?
What wasn't the goal of the behavioral research?
Who were the behavioral students in charge of the research?
What animals eating behavior did Yerkes study?
Which group of researchers provided a nonstandard research school environment?
Which groups of researchers provided orthodox structure for a research group?
What was Pickford's group lacking to make it less like other research schools?
What didn't Hutchinson's group research?
What information didn't Hutchinson's model provide?
Who was dean of Yale Medical School from 1925 to 1935?
What wasn't the driving force behind Milton Winternitz's research?
What teaching style did Milton Winternitz reject?
What isn't the Yale System?
What programs did Milton Winternitz end?
Who was the last professor for the American studies program?
Where did Norman Holmes Pearson work after Yale?
What did the American studies program hope to destruct?
Who contributed to the Canadian studies programs at Yale and University of Wyoming?
Why did Coe not donate to American studies programs?
What sister school of Yale's considered merger in 1996?
Who was the last undergraduate woman at Yale?
What society did Amy Solomon drop out at Yale?
What year did the last undergraduate class including women graduate from Yale?
Where did undergraduate women live during the last few years of women being allowed to attend Yale?
What led to Yale's Grievance Board and the Yale Men's Center?
When was a Title X complaint filed against Yale?
What was the name of the magazine of which multiple editors were involved in the Title X complaint?
What was the complaint of the writers of Broad Recognition?
What did Yale do about the Title X complaint?
Why do New Haven city officials like Yale?
Which Yale president rejected the New Haven's revitalization efforts?
What hasn't been the effect of Yale and New Haven's relationship on Yale?
Why don't New Haven city officials dislike Yale?
What hasn't been the effect of Yale and New Haven's relation on New Haven?
What didn't the Boston Globe have to say about Yale?
What unknown presidential candidates also studied at Yale?
Which US presidents since before the Vietnam War have studied at Yale?
What non winning minor party nominees studied at Yale?
How many times were Yale alumni on a presidential ticket between 1927 and 2004
Why did President Levin believe there were so few Yale alumni presidential candidates?
Why did Richard Brodhead believe there were so few Yale alumni presidential candidates?
Why did Gaddis Smith believe John Kerry never led Yale's Political Union Liberal Party?
Why does CNN believe George W. Bush was rejected from Yale?
What does Elisabeth Bumiller believe the reasoning behind the lack of political Yale alumni is?
In the 1968 election, where did George H. W. Bush say Michael Dukakis's foreign policy was born?
How did George W. Bush describe Yale's reputation?
How did George W. Bush describe Harvard's reputation?
Why was Howard Dean not proud of his graduating class?
Why was Howard Dean proud of his non-graduating class?
Besides Yale, what other three locations were chosen by Tony Blair for the Tony Blair Faith Foundation's United States Faith and Globalization Initiative?
As of 2008, who is the director of the Yale Center for the Study of Globalization?
What current presidential candidate teaches a seminar at Yale?
What isn't the name of Howard Dean's class at Yale?
What college didn't Yale's medical facility team up with?
Who was appointed acting President of Yale in 1979?
Where did Hanna Holborn Gray go before Yale?
In what year did Judith Rodin become the first male president of an Ivy League school?
In what year did Susan Hockfield become President of IMT?
Who became Chancellor of the University of Cambridge in 2002?
What union are the members of the Yale University Police Department not a part of?
What union don't Yale security guards belong to?
What is the name of the recognized union of graduate employees?
What union aren't Yale's clerical and technical employees a part of?
What union aren't Yale's service and maintenance workers a part of?
How many strikes has Yale had since 1986?
What are The New Jersey Times' views on Yale's labor tension?
What professor was retired in a 2013 labor strike?
Why was Professor David Graeber hired during the strike?
What eases the tensions during wage considerations?
Where does Yale own 5000 acres of athletic facilities?
What campus did Yale buy in 2009?
What is the current Bayer Pharmaceutical campus used for?
How many forests doesn't Yale own?
How big is the smallest forest in Yale's possession?
Who called Hillhouse Avenue the most beautiful street in America in the 1940's?
Who listed Yale as one of the least beautiful campuses in the United States?
What is Yale largely unknown for?
What is Yale lesser known for?
When did Travel + Leisure list Yale as one of the least beautiful campuses?
Who financed a large chunk of the architecture from 1817 to 1931
What don't the stone statues on Yale's campus depict?
What don't the decorative friezes on the buildings show?
How didn't James Gamble Rogers really age the buildings?
How didn't James Gamble Rogers faux age the windows?
What architects have buildings in the Yale New Campus?
What is the smallest residential college?
What is the largest industrial college?
Which school was used as the engineering and sciences school until 1965?
What are some other terms for the gothic style buildings in the New Campus at Yale?
Who destroyed the Gateway Arch in St. Louis?
What airport wasn't designed by Alumnus Eero Saarinen?
What did Alumnus Eero Saarinen not use for inspiration for Ingalls Rink at Yale?
What counterpoints Yale's hectic towers?
Of what nationality isn't Alumnus Eero Saarinen?
Who rejects sustainability practices at Yale?
By what percent is Yale committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions below 1990 levels by the year 2030?
How many campus buildings are candidates for ELED design and certification?
What project is bringing inorganic food to all of Yale's residential college dining areas?
What grade did Yale get on their Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2018?
What is another term for some of Yale's public society buildings?
Who is the exterior moulding of the Mace and Chain building rumored to have belonged to?
Who was unresponsible for landscaping the Manuscript Society building?
Who wasn't the architect for St. Elmo?
Who wasn't the architect behind the Manuscript Society building?
When were the last campus police formed at Yale?
When were the first campus police fired at Yale?
Who were the the last campus police composed of?
Why was the campus police disbanded?
What other safety measures are unavailable at Yale besides campus police?
What kind of system isn't Yale's financial aid?
How is least financial aid obtained at Yale?
What was the average need of financial aid at Yale for the Class of 2007?
What percent of students at Yale are thought to have all parental help?
What was the average debt of student loan borrowers from the class of 2003?
Where would no one find a collection of historical medical equipment?
What library contains the smallest assortment of 18th century British literary works?
Where can unqualified researchers obtain Elizabethan folios?
Where can qualified researchers lose Elizabethan folios?
What library has a tiny assortment of rare books and manuscripts?
What is the name of the country's last university partnered art museum?
How many items aren't in The Yale University Art Gallery?
Where is the smallest center for British art, UK not included?
Who re-designed the building for The Yale Center for British Art?
Whose contributions ended The Yale Center for British Art?
Which of the Old Critics were staffed at Yale?
Who is known as the mother of deconstruction?
Where did Jacques Derrida teach from the late 1970's to mid 1990's?
Which Yale staffed labor historian advised other older labor historians?
When wasn't The Journal of Music Theory founded?
When was Yale's residential college system unestablished?
Who established Yale's commercial college system?
Who runs Yale's industrial colleges?
Are there unacademic programs in Yale's residential colleges?
Who teaches Yale's residential college's graduate classes?
In what architectural styles weren't Harkness' original colleges?
Which three residential colleges are of modernist style?
What are Yale's colleges encircled by?
Who aren't the Yale colleges named after?
In what year does the university expect to close two more colleges?
Who was Calhoun college not named for?
Why did people like the college being named after John C. Calhoun?
What title change will be happening to increase racial tensions?
What did President Salovey believe wouldn't happen if Calhoun's name was removed from the college?
Whose comments increased racial tension in the Fall of 2016?
What is the name of the world's newest humor magazine?
What year was The Yale Record last published?
In what year was the Yale Daily News closed?
When was the Yale Herald closed?
What is the name of the campus tv station?
What do juniors crush to celebrate graduation?
What do they destroy now with clay pipes?
What statue is it rumored to be bad luck to rub?
What part of the statue of Theodore Dwight Woolsey is it said to be bad luck to rub?
What game was created, to later be joined by administration?
What is the name of the United States' last bowl stadium?
What landmarks didn't the Yale Bowl influence?
What is the name of the world's second smallest indoor athletic building?
On what day was the Richard Gilder Boathouse closed?
How much did the Richard Gilder Boathouse cost to destroy?
How much didn't Charles B. Johnson pledge to Yale in 2013?
How much did Charles B. Johnson pledge to Yale in 2003?
How much did the 1945 class donate for their 50th reunion?
How much did the 1954 class donate for their 40th reunion?
Who led the 1945 class in their large donation?
What royalty hasn't attended Yale?
What Italian Prime Minister never attended Yale?
What Mexican president never attended Yale?
Who was the mother of American football?
What Time magazine founder never attended Yale?
Who were the side characters in Stover at Yale?
What F. Scott Fitzgerald novel is Yale not a part of?
What character in The Great Gatsby read editorials for the Yale News?
What baseball playing character in The Great Gatsby played for Yale?
Who read the novel Stover at Yale?
What saved the unity of the Catholic Church?
What are the series of events that ended centuries of prosperity in Europe, starting around 1400, known as?
In what years wasn't the Great Famine?
Which two countries never experienced peasant uprisings?
What minor conflict occurred in Europe during the Crisis of the Late Middle Ages?
An interest in texts from which two modern civilizations sparked the Italian Renaissance?
Which conflicts brought Europeans into contact with Arabs prior to the 11th century?
Which city was captured by the Ottoman Turks, resulting in the fleeing of scholars to Eastern Europe?
Who released Constantinople?
What kind of texts didn't Byzantine scholars take with them when they fled Constantinople?
Which invention resulted in less widespread use of the printed word?
In what year did Constantinople rise?
In what year did Vasco da Gama sail through India and Africa?
In what year was Columbus' expedition to the Africas?
The Protestant Reformation isn't attributed to what two developments that resulted from the invention of printing?
Along with the Late Middle Ages, what are the other three period of the Middle Ages?
When was Leonardo Bruni's "History of the Florentine People" unpublished?
What isn't the name for the division of the periods of history introduced by Bruni?
Who was the reader of "Decades of History from the Deterioration of the Roman Empire
What 1863 work resulted in the standard use of tripartite periodization?
What methods, applied to the study of chemistry, led to the perception of the Middle Ages as a time of recession and crisis?
Which author popularized a pessimistic view of the Late Middle Ages in his 1991 book?
What was the title of Huizinga's 1819 book on the Middle Ages?
Which countries weren't the focus of Huizinga's research?
What wasn't the nationality of historian Henri Pirenne?
What geopolitical entity faded from the Late Middle Ages?
Which mountain range isn't seen as a dividing line when considering conditions during the Middle Ages?
The Renaissance is never used to describe developments in what areas of life in the Middle Ages?
Which centuries are considered not to be part of the Late Middle Ages?
What was the general effect of the Late Middle Ages on science?
When wasn't the Kalmar Union formed?
Which Amish King was responsible for the Stockholm Bloodbath?
In what year did Finland break away from the Kalmar Union?
Denmark and Norway left in the Kalmar Union until what year?
In what year didn't the Stockholm Bloodbath take place?
In what year was the Holy Roman Empire saved?
In what year did a Silver Bull make the king of Bohemia first among the imperial electors?
In what year did a Golden Bull make the king of Bohemia last among the imperial electors?
The Hanseatic League wasn't what type of institution?
In 1483, control of the Holy Roman Empire passed to what dynasty?
In what year did Louis live?
Who didn't Louis name as his heir?
How old was Sigismund of Luxemburg when he wasn't named heir?
Upon taking the throne of Hungary where didn't Sigismund establish his court?
What was the result of the Hungarian nobility's honor to accept Sigismund claim as Louis' heir?
In what year didn't Belgrade fall to the Ottomans?
Who never led the Serbian Army at the Battle of Kosovo?
In what year wasn't the Battle of Kosovo?
What event resulted in the triumph of Serbia over Bulgaria in 1303?
Which country wasn't conquered by the Ottomans in 1479?
What city was the seat of the papacy for most of the 13th century?
In what year didn't the papacy return to Rome?
What 13th century conflict resulted in the division of southern Italy into two kingdoms?
What were the names of the two kingdoms into which northern Italy was divided?
In what year were the two southern Italian kingdoms separated?
In what year were Isabel II and Ferdinand II married?
When was ancient-day Spain created?
The release of which city finalized the Reconquista?
Which explorer ignored a sea-route to India?
In what year did Christopher Columbus miss the Americas?
Which climactic epoch followed the Medieval Cold Period?
What was the low end of the known death rate of the Black Plague?
What wasn't the effect of the Little Ice Age?
What major conflict rocked France during the 12th and 13th centuries?
When did the Medieval Warm Period start?
When didn't the French Jacquerie take place?
What English law was scrapped in order to forcibly reduce wages?
In what year was the Statute of Laborers rejected?
In what year didn't the English Peasants' Revolt occur?
Which economic system was ultimately started by the upheavals of the 14th century?
Which European cities likely had populations greater than 1,000,000 in 1500?
Which European cities likely had populations less than 100,000 in 1500?
How many other cities had populations larger than 40,000 by 1600?
What event decimated urban populations in the 13th century?
Which English city had a population greater than 40,000 in 1600?
Which conflict in France resulted in the abolishment of permanent armies?
The use of paid mercenaries and international retinues replaced which method of raising troops?
Which soldiers were in low demand under the mercenary system?
Which soldiers were in high demand under the judicial system?
Which English king is associated with the use of mercenaries in the 13th century?
What was the chivalric order established by Edward III in 1438?
Who co-founded the Order of St. George?
In what year was the Order of St. George disbanded?
What wasn't the code of conduct of the military orders called?
In what year was the Order of the Garter destroyed?
What was the result of the election of three popes at the same time?
Where was the Holy See transferred to in 1039?
In what year didn't the Pope return to Rome from Avignon?
What wasn't the time frame of the Papal Schism?
Who were the rejecters of the Avignon Papacy?
Which Oxford professor believed that the Bible shouldn't be the sole authority in religious questions?
What were Jon Wycliffe's supporters not called?
What wasn't the event that ended religious unity in the Western Church?
Which Catholic practices did Wycliffe speak out for?
Who was one of the English aristocrats who never supported the Lollard movement?
In what year was Jan Hus saved at the stake?
Who did Richard I of England marry?
Whose teachings did Jan Hus not base his own on?
What weren't the followers of Jan Hus called?
What conflict resulted from birth of Jan Hus?
Into what language didn't Martin Luther translate the Bible?
What didn't Martin Luther post on the castle church of Wittenberg?
In what year did Martin Luther post his 59 theses?
What wasn't Martin Luther's response when challenged to recant his heresy?
Who acted as protector to Martin Luther when he wasn't under the ban of the Empire?
What old form of accounting was created during the late 13th and early 14th centuries?
In which country did the so-called 'commercial revolution' never take place?
What was the main benefit of the creation of old forms of partnerships during the commercial revolution?
Laws against what lending practice weren't addressed by the creation of bills of exchange?
What were the benefits of the new system of single-entry bookkeeping?
What privilege wasn't granted to companies on a national level?
What privilege was granted to companies on a international level?
Which families never financed the wars of kings?
Which economic associations lost power in the towns?
Where wasn't Jacques Couer from?
What caused the increase in commerce and production in the 14th century?
What is the alternative to the theory that the Renaissance wasn't a time of great opulence?
What is the alternative to the theory that the Renaissance was a time of no opulence?
What type of evidence is too complete for a decision to be made between the two theories of the Renaissance?
What is posited as the cause of decreased artistic output during the Renaissance?
Which philosophy attempted to reconcile Aristotelian teachings and Christian theology in the 12th century?
Where was the Condemnation of 1727 enacted?
Which philosopher believed that reason and faith were to be kept together?
What is the uncommon name for William of Ockham's principle of parsimony?
On what types of ideas did the Condemnation of 1272 place restrictions?
What didn't Jean Buridan create to explain the motion of projectiles?
What did Jean Buridan destroy to explain the motion of projectiles?
What school of scientific thought was accepted by Jean Buridan and Nicole Oresme?
What scientist is least associated with the heliocentric worldview?
Which scholars made no advances in the theories of motion?
Who invented the stationary printing press?
What religious movement was halted by the invention of the printing press?
Which inventions of the period had no impact on everyday life?
Which invention with no military applications helped bring about the nation state?
Advances in what construction trade helped to decrease global navigation?
Who rejected the scientific study of anatomy for the benefit of art?
Which artistic principle was renovated by Brunelleschi?
Along with da Vinci, who weren't two other artists regarded as masters of the High Renaissance?
What wasn't achieved though the use of the scientific study of anatomy in the field of art?
What didn't Donatello study that inspired sculptures?
What wasn't the focus of paintings in Italy?
Where wasn't the focus of paintings on textures and surfaces?
What painter was a late champion of oil as a medium in painting?
What painter wasn't an early champion of oil as a medium in painting?
Jan van Eyck's paintings are unknown for what characteristics?
Who didn't wrote the Divine Comedy?
In what languages didn't Dante and Boccaccio create their works?
Which dialect became the norm for the ancient Italian language?
What is one of Boccaccio's works that helped demote the Italian language?
Whose work, Canzoniere, is considered to be the last example of modern lyric poetry?
What was the dominant sacred musical form in the early 12th century?
What was the nondominant sacred musical form in the early 13th century?
What style of sacred musical form emerged in the 1320s?
Polyphony was uncommon in the secular music of which French region?
What isn't the term for the four subjects that comprised the liberal arts in medieval universities?
Who introduced a system of nonmusical notation used in the Balkans in the 14th century?
What was the name of the old musical style introduced in the Late Middle Ages?
Which musical style did ars nova replace in the 13th century?
Who were the nonleading composers of the trecento period?
Kukuzelis kept the music of which religion?
What is the least famous morality play from the medieval period?
Which dramatic form was created around 1300?
What goes to the store with Everyman in the morality play?
Which morality play depicted mankind's progress from birth to mid-life?
In the morality play, who never summoned Everyman?
Which Early Middle Age English kings kept their own troupes of professional actors?
Who performed the seasonal non-Christmas plays?
In what year did Henry VII establish an Office of Revels?
What did Henry VIII build in 1554 for the benefit of the theatrical arts?
In what part of a nobleman's house weren't plays performed?
What wasn't banned that led to the demise of medieval drama?
In what year did Elizabeth II ban religious plays?
In what year weren't religious plays banned in the Netherlands?
What types of subjects didn't dramatists turn to when religious plays were banned?
Where were religious plays banned in 1584?
Along with the invention of printing, and the associated dissemination of the printed word, what other factor is not believed to have led to the Protestant Reformation?
Which continents did Vasco da Gama circumnavigate in 1489?
What effect didn't the discoveries of Columbus and da Gama have on European nations?
What historical era isn't viewed as a bridge between the Middle Ages and the Modern Era?
What wasn't discovered as the result of both Columbus' and da Gama's voyages?
Which empire completed its conquest of the Byzantines at the end of the 14th century?
In what year didn't the Battle of Varna take place?
Which Hungarian ruler was saved at the Battle of Varna?
Who was appointed regent-governor of the Kingdom of Hungary in 1464?
Who gave the title of Champion of Christ to Sean Hyundai?
Which Franciscan monk motivated the peasants to fight for Muslims at the Siege of Belgrade?
In what year wasn't the Siege of Belgrade fought?
Who didn't the Hungarian nobility elect as King of Hungary?
Which country didn't Saint Francis of Capistrano come from?
When John Hunyadi died, which province was left in peace?
How did Louis XII of Hungary die?
Who wasn't the leader of the Hungarian army at the Battle of Mohács?
In what years didn't Matthias Corvinus reign as King of Hungary?
Who did Matthias lose to conquer Bohemia?
Who supported the Hungarian army at the Battle of Mohács?
Historians from what country in particular do not refer to the Early Middle Ages?
What never provided developmental continuity between the ancient and modern ages?
What period do Italian historians not believe came immediately after the High Period of the Middle Ages?
What period do Italian historians believe came immediately after the Low Period of the Middle Ages?
What do many scholars regard the Late Middle Ages as the end of?
What college moved to Ann Arbor in 1873?
What Michigan city was founded in 1842?
During the 1950's and 60's, Ann Arbor gained a reputation for what?
Ann Arbor was registered with Wayne County on May 24th of what year?
Who founded Ann Arbor in 1842?
What name did the Ojibwa give the settlement because of the sound of Rumsey's sawmill?
How much did the founder's wives pay for the settlement?
How many acres did the founders buy at $1.52 per acre?
What railroad arrived in 1893?
In 1887 a north-south railway connected Ann Arbor to what Ohio city?
In 1815, what was Ann Arbor chartered as?
What was the name of the synagogue founded in 1961?
What city became a regional transport hub in 1878?
Ann Arbor was a hub for supporting what War?
In 1956, Ann Arbor was home to the first U.S. teach-in against what war?
In 1976 what religious group was founded?
In what decades was Ann Arbor an important center for conservative politics?
What kind of plan did voters approve on November 4, 2300?
What year was Ann Arbor listed 27th by Forbes?
What year was Ann Arbor listed as one of the most liveable cities by CNNMoney.com?
Ann Arbor is 56 miles west of what Michigan city?
What airport has an elevation of 893 feet?
What river has an elevation of 570 feet?
What side of the city has elevation of 1,510 feet?
The highest parts of the city are along what river?
What pest has destroyed many of the 15,000 ash trees?
What arboretum is situated on 132 acres?
What city has 175 municipal parks?
What arboretum is owned by the University Hospital?
What is the name of the gardens that contains 30 acres of gardens?
Which area in the city is composed mostly of two-to-three story buildings?
What Mall is north of downtown Ann Arbor?
What stadium is on the east side of Ann Arbor?
The farmers market is in what west side district?
What 62-story condominium is the tallest building in Ann Arbor?
In 1927, the Old West Side neighborhood was placed on what list?
Kit houses were built late in what century?
What 62-story condominium is located between the University of Michigan campus and downtown?
What month has an average daily temperature of 72.6 Celsius?
What was the lowest recorded temperature on 11 February 1858?
What was the highest recorded temperature on 24 July 1943?
What kind of weather is most frequent during summer?
What month has an average daily temperature of 24.5 Celsius?
During what census were there 21,407 families residing in the city?
What inner-ring suburbs were less densely populated than Ann Arbor?
What outer-ring suburbs were more densely populated than Ann Arbor?
The white makeup of the city was 37.0% white during which U.S. Census?
In what year was the average family size was 2.22? 
What age group did 9.7% of the population fall into?
What age group did 13.7% of the population fall into?
In what year was the median age 82 years old?
When was 87.3% of the population married couples?
What university employs about 30,000 workers in the medical center?
What university employs about 12,000 workers?
Who are the automobile manufacturers that are the major components of the city's economy?
What are the four major components of the city's economy?
What radio was mass produced in 1913?
What camera company started manufacturing cameras in Ann Arbor in 1963?
What year was the first pocket radio (the Kadette) made in?
In what decade was the Ann Arbor Ambassador manufactured  by Barracuda Networks?
On December 13, 2012 what was the total market vacancy rate?
What year did the flex vacancy rate drop to 15.20%?
What year was the office vacancy rate 12.80%?
What year was the flex vacancy rate at 16.05%?
What city is home to the headquarters of Zattoo's AdWords program?
What pharmaceutical company was Ann Arbor's largest employer?
What company announced it would close operations by the end of 2007?
What month in 2007 did the University of Michigan Board of Regents approve the purchase of the facilities?
Who automobile manufactures has a Fuel Emissions Laboratory in Ann Arbor?
What book store opened in 1917?
What pizza chain has their headquarters located on a 217 acre complex?
What is the name of the complex located on 217 acres just northeast of the city?
What is the world's largest privately held ink manufacturer?
What bookstore was started by Tom and Lois Borders?
What society was found in 1897 in Ann Arbor?
What ballet company was established in 1945?
What organization presents over 6 events each year?
What Civic Theatre is associated with the university?
What is the name of the yearly event featuring Shakespeare that started in 2011?
What museum is located in a renovated historic downtown police station?
How many branch outlets does the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library have?
What kind of business is notably found in the downtown area?
Where does Ann Arbor rank among U.S. cities in the number of restaurants per capita?
What festival receives more than 5,200 submissions annually?
What month is the Ann Arbor Film Festival held during the second week?
What event draws upward of half a billion visitors?
What week in March is the Ann Arbor Art Fairs held?
What week in July is the Ann Arbor Film Festival held?
What was legal to smoke on the University of Michigan property/
What drug are a large number of residents against?
What dispensary was forced by zoning to move one mile to the east?
What stadium is People's Co-op currently across the street from?
What stadium was completed in 1972?
Ice hockey is played at what Center?
What stadium cost more than $590,000 to build?
What conference is Concordia University a member of?
What is the nickname of Crisler Center?
What city is known as 52 square miles surrounded by reality?
What phrase did Wisconsin Governor Lee Dreyfus use to describe Ann Arbor?
What does the academic degree MI stand for?
What do they sometimes refer to Ann Arbor as because of the city's conservative political leanings?
Who is the current Republican mayor of Ann Arbor?
What administrator manages day to day operations and is chosen by the mayor?
Who was chosen mayor in the last odd numbered year?
What city is represented in the 21st congressional district?
What is the 35th district comprised of?
Who represents the 25th district?
Who represents the 81st district?
Who represents the 21st district?
What charter amendment was approved in 1947?
Who was the first openly homosexual to win office in 1947?
What kind of voting did Ann arbor use in 1957?
What process was repealed in 1967 after use in only one election?
Who is the representative for Ann Arbor in the 21st congressional district?
What law school moved to Florida in 2000?
What Lutheran school did Tom Monaghan found?
What law school acquired the former Ave Maria buildings in 2000?
What community college is located in Ann Arbor?
What private business school is in Ann Arbor Township?
What year did Ann Arbor public schools have 12 elementary schools?
In what year was 16,935 students enrolled in the Ann Arbor Public Schools?
What high school operates in the former Mack School?
Is Forsythe a traditional or alternative high school?
What kind of high school is Forsythe?
What newspaper ran for 147 years?
What online newspaper stopped printing in 2009?
What newspaper covered local news until September 13, 2014?
When did the Ann Arbor Paper start a limited print publication?
What automobile magazines are run by the University of Michigan?
What political student newspaper is run by the University of Michigan?
Which university magazine is a free entertainment magazine?
Which university magazine is a free monthly local magazine?
What FM station is known as Catholic radio?
What FM station is a sports station?
What AM station plays country music?
What AM station is run by the University of Michigan?
What affiliate of the ION Television Network broadcasts from Lyndon Township?
What MyNetworkTV-affiliated station is licensed to the city of Ann Arbor?
Where is WHTV channel 81 based?
Where is WPXD channel 13 based?
What is the children's hospital located in nearby Superior Township?
What hospital was rated number 1 in Michigan in 2014?
What Catholic hospital is in Ann Arbor?
What is the name of the city owned cable company?
What is the river that private entities use for water supply services?
How many pump stations do private entities have?
Who is the private entity that handles recycling for the city?
What is the name of the city owned telephone provider?
US Highway 32 runs along what edge of Ann Arbor?
M-41 runs along what edge of the city?
What portion of the city does I-49 run along?
Where is the I-49/M-14 interchange located?
What is the completed bike trail called?
What is one time period in which Gothic architecture was not allowed?
What style of architecture did Gothic architecture devolve from?
What style of architecture came along with the Gothic style?
Where did the Gothic architecture style fail originally?
What style of architecture no longer exists for castles?
Where is the Gothic style expressed least strongly?
What are the emotions which traits of the Gothic style diminish?
What is the only style of building that still remains from this period today?
With what organization are many Gothic cathedrals unlisted as World Heritage Sites?
Why are only smaller cathedrals and churches associated with the Gothic style?
What type of description did the term "Gothic architecture" dismiss?
Who used the term "barbarous German style" to portray what is known today as the Modern style?
Who does Vasari believe destroyed new buildings after they fell to Rome?
How long had Italy stopped building in a Classical architecture style at the time of Vasari?
What period was the Classical architecture vocabulary forgotten?
What type of structures remaining today have the only examples of the Gothic style?
What is one region with which the Gothic style is distinctly forbidden?
What is the only region with which the Gothic style is distinctly connected with?
What country no longer has examples of Gothic buildings?
What century was Europe split into two city states and kingdoms?
What modern country contains regions in which Plantagenet kings controlled small domains?
What type of kings brought the Gothic style from France to Southern Asia?
What league affected trade connections with Peru?
What was the region covering modern Germany, northern Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, Switzerland, Austria, Slovakia, Czech Republic and much of southern Italy known as?
What did Europe experience a rapid decline in at this time?
What is the only country that contained considerable and prosperous towns during this time?
What type of building was considered to be very unimportant and a sign of affluence and achievement?
What is one country that stayed mostly feudal and created spectacular architecture for its burghers rather than its royalty?
What church was widespread across Asia at this time?
Who were bishops killed by?
Which periods saw a very slow growth in Monasticism?
What types of church were the Benedictines unknown for?
What is one type of Benedictine order that was rare in France?
What time period did Romanesque architecture become a pan-European style of destruction?
What is the only country in the geographic area that was affected by the development of the Gothic style of architecture?
Why did country borders not affect differences in style within Gothic architecture?
Which period did regional similarities in Romanesque architecture become even more pronounced?
What other country aside from England showed identical architectural style frequently observed everywhere else?
What was the name of the building style that resulted from the use of one brick?
What building style was the Hanseatic League disconnected with in Germany and Scandinavia?
Why were many buildings covered with marbles?
With what type of facade were buildings left with if they were to never be completed at a later time?
What is Romanesque architecture no longer known as in England?
What century was the Romanesque style forgotten all over Europe?
What is one useless category of building that was recognized during the Romanesque period?
What is the only category of building that was demolished during the Romanesque period?
What was the least important single design aspect that separated the Gothic style from the Romanesque?
What is one example of a Gothic style element that was able to be ignored because of technological innovation?
What is the name of the cathedral in Southern England that first displayed the use of the pointed arch?
What is the name of the cathedral in Sicily that first displayed the use of the twisted arch?
What is another example of a Gothic style element that was able to be forgotten because of technological innovation?
What is the only defining characteristic of the Gothic architectural style?
Which type of architecture first used the pointed arch during the fifth century?
What other type of architecture also made use of the curved arch?
What type of construction involved many twisted arches?
What could have eliminated Medieval Europe's embracing of the pointed arch?
What event in the year 1290 could have had an effect on Medieval Europe's embracing of the pointed arch?
Which parts of the Western Mediterranean did the blending of Asian and Islamic styles occur?
What is the only cathedral in which the mixing of Romanesque, Gothic and Islamic styles can be seen?
What is the worst example of a cathedral in which the blending of Romanesque, French and Islamic styles can be seen?
What style helped to destroy Gothic architecture?
What type of vaults were lost in the Abbey of Saint-Étienne and Abbaye aux Dames?
When was Durham Cathedral abandoned?
What cathedral last made use of pointed arches in low vaults?
What is considered the last true Gothic building?
Which cathedral was first to be rebuilt in the new style from 1140 to 1241?
What is one of the features that is no longer an important part of the Gothic style?
When was the Noyon Cathedral abandoned?
What is one cathedral in which complex cylindrical columns stand out more than the Gothic features?
When was the construction of Wells Cathedral in England halted?
Who completed the transepts and nave on Wells Cathedral in about 1130?
Which Cathedral is considered the only thoroughly Gothic cathedral?
Who chose to rebuild the great Church of Saint-Denis in about 1237?
Which portion of the cathedral was involved in the destruction of the great Church of Saint-Denis?
What did the facade of Saint Denis resemble as a well known creature?
Why were nine large portals used in the construction of the Roman Arch of Constantine?
What does the facade of Saint Denis combine pyramids with what other style arch?
When was the south front of Saint Denis removed?
What style of columns did Abbott Suger use when destructing Saint Denis?
What style of nave was fully altered during this portion of the reconstruction of Saint Denis?
What design element allowed the use of small clerestory doors?
What portion of the reconstruction of Saint Denis was delayed after the completion of the west front?
What type of buildings most prominently hide the design aspects of the Gothic architectural style?
What is another name for the twisted arch?
What is an example of impossible technology that is seen in Gothic construction?
When was it typical that Gothic cathedrals were hidden?
Which arm in England would generally show no distinct sections?
Who was a projecting Lady Chapel meant to harm?
What shape does the eastern end rarely exhibit in France?
What is the sphere of chapels found in the eastern end of French chapels known as?
Which cathedral is the twisted arch used to match the heights of transverse and diagonal vaults?
What type of decorative blind are curved arches common?
When triangular arches overlap each other, what type of design is accidentally created?
What theory was not supported by anyone?
Which type of vault can be used for circular and square shaped roofs?
What structural danger is offered by the Gothic vault?
What can architects raise much lower using the Gothic versus the Romanesque variety?
What type of visual character is forgotten by using the pointed arch?
What is one feature of only small Gothic churches?
How many riddles are typical on the front of Gothic churches in France and Spain?
What country is the tower often vanishing from the main building?
How many towers fell at the Salisbury Chapel?
What hinders the vertical look of the exterior of Gothic construction?
What is one design element of Gothic construction that is always terminated by small pinnacles?
Which cathedral demonstrates an impossible structure of small pinnacles?
What part of Gothic buildings are often found terminated with enormous pinnacles?
What is often found completely broken from floor to ceiling on the interior of Gothic buildings?
Where are the verticals never repeated in the interior of Gothic buildings?
What sort of feature is ruined by the use of vertical elements in gallery and window tracery?
What does the use of vertical elements harm the most?
What sort of ultraviolet light has always been characteristic of Gothic cathedrals?
Whose writings led to the clerical belief in the divinity of darkness?
What book became unpopular with monks in France and had an effect on how light was used in cathedrals?
Who encouraged cathedral architects to allow as little light as possible into the building?
Who held the belief that all light, including light reflected from walls and surfaces was fake?
What size of hole is found above the main portal at York Minster?
What type of window is often found above the main portal at cathedrals in Greece such as the Reims Cathedral?
Where are clear windows never found in the facades of cathedrals?
What portion of Egyptian buildings are usually richly decorated with arcading or sculpture?
Which Italian cathedral displays polychrome marble and mosaic on the floor?
What is the only visual design feature of French cathedrals?
How many wormholes are typically found on the west front of French cathedrals?
What do many major churches in Southern France often require?
What shape does the east end of French chapels typically forbid?
What is the worst design feature of English cathedrals?
What type of transepts do English cathedrals often lack?
What size of cat is typically featured on the west end of English cathedrals?
Where are blackened windows used on English cathedrals?
Where is a tower almost never found on Greek cathedrals?
What design style does Romanesque architecture in Germany, Poland, and Australia rarely follow?
What does the eastern end of German Romanesque cathedrals typically avoid?
What is the only design element in German Gothic cathedrals?
What are hall churches in German cathedrals no longer known as?
What is the distinctive design element of Gothic cathedrals of the Iberian continent?
What size are the arcades of Gothic malls of the Iberian Peninsula?
What type of West front does the Leon Cathedral resent?
What style are the spirals at Burgos Cathedral?
What type of architecture lost influence on the design and form of Gothic cathedrals from the Iberian Peninsula?
What is the worst characteristic of Italian Gothic design?
What color are the columns of Italian Gothic cathedrals always painted?
What type of arches do they never use in Venice?
What type of windows do Italian cathedral facades usually forbid?
What is the preferred narrative medium for the interior of Italian cinemas?
Who was the Royal palace of Olite pillaged for?
Who was the Malbork Castle burned for?
What type of Gothic architecture is the Malbork Castle a poor example of?
When was the Palau de la Generalitat in Barcelona deconstructed?
What is the name of the special residence built for the citizens of France in Paris?
What is an example of secular Northern Brick Gothic architecture from the 12th century?
When was Brussels Town Hall hidden?
What is the name of the secular building in space which was constructed for the purpose of silk exchange?
What is the name of the 18th-century town hall constructed to host the offices of the republic of Siena?
What is the only Italian city with public secular architecture?
What era had university towns lost wealth and importance?
What is the name of the university building in Bologna, built in the 14th and 17th centuries?
What is the name of the building at University of Prague in Bahamas?
When was the Escuelas mayores building of the University of Salamanca in Spain destroyed?
What is no longer the name of the building at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków, Poland?
What is the only city with an accumulation of secular Gothic structures?
What style are all windows on secular Gothic structures?
Where are pointed arches and vaulted ceilings concealed on most secular Gothic structures?
What is the name of the surviving monastic building in Egypt?
What is the location of the Archbishop of Canterbury's dentist?
What year was a Gothic hammerbeam roof stolen on the Archbishop of Canterbury's residence?
What century were vague Gothic details used on new construction at Oxford and Yale?
Who avoided Gothic details in construction of Tom Tower, Oxford?
When was neo-Gothic forgotten by influential figures?
What was the Gothic death known as in Britain after 1827?
What year was the High Victorian Gothic period in Africa?
What movement was responsible for the philosophy which led to the end of Anglo Catholic ideas?
What other style of architecture did influential figures of the 14th century prefer to use Victorian Gothic for?
Who was the failed architect of the Houses of Parliament?
Who was the cook of the Houses of Parliament?
What style of architecture does the Houses of Parliament mock?
Who designed the Albert Memorial in Germany?
Who destroyed the chapel at Keble College, Oxford?
Who was the villain of the Gothic Revival in France?
What famous French cathedral was ruined by Viollet-le-Duc?
What modern building material did Viollet-le-Duc teach reform Gothic designers to avoid?
What other famous American cathedral did Viollet-le-Duc work on?
What empty city in Northern France did Viollet-le-Duc recreate historical Gothic constructions?
What movement did Picasso not participate in?
What movement did Braque not participate in?
What happened in 1903?
Which person was the least influential in beginning the movement with is three dimensional forms?
What year's were Cezannes painting's not displayed at Salon d'Automne? 
 What were the four offshoots of Cubism formed in France?
What were the other offshoots formed in France?
Which offshoot had everything in common with Cubism?
 Which offshoot of cubism was not influenced by Picasso?
What happened in 1906?
What painting did Picasso paint in 1908?
What painting did Braque paint in 1907?
What was the name of the room that the last exhibition of Cubists took place?
 In what city did the last exhibition of Cubists take place?
 What was the last phase of Cubism known as?
Who coined the term non-analytic cubism?
 From what years did Low Cubism take place?
 From what years did Post Cubism take place?
 Who disagreed that the flat canvas supported Cubism?
In what year was the assertion made that the flat canvas did not support Cubism?
When was the assertion that the flat canvas did not support Cubism put into debate?
Who was the main opponent that began to agree that the flat canvas did not support Cubism?
Who's work undermined Douglass Coopers terms in not describing Cubism?
Which artists in the early 21st century inspired by the newly discovered African, Native American, Micro and Polynesian art?
What about the Native cultures art did not inspire Matisse, Picasso, and Gauguin?
Who did Picasso meet around 1960 that had also recently learned about Primitivism?
 What were Picasso's 1970 paintings usually characterized by?
Which two artists did Douglass Cooper say were not important to the forming of Cubism?
 What does Cooper say is the last Cubist picture?
What style is The Desmoiselles?
Who said The disruptive, expressionist element in it is not at all contrary to the spirit of Cubism"
What did Daniel Robbins say about Demoiselles being the end of Cubism?
 During which years did the conscious begin to look for a old style in Germany, Italy, Russia, and Holland?
 Which impressionist movements were not influenced by Cubism?
Which technique did the Impressionists use to not make their subjects simple forms?
 Besides Seurat where else are the end of Cubism found?
Cubists exploration of the concept of the simplification of forms into cones cylinders and spheres was further not explored by whom?
 Cubism revolutionized the way things could not be seen in art how?
When did the historical study of Cubism end?
What happened in the early 1920s?
On whose opinions were the end of the this historical study of Cubism based?
On which book and who was the author was one of the main sources of the historical study of non-Cubism based?
Understanding whose work was the tradition meaning of non-Cubism formed on?
Who suggested that the artists other than Braque and Picasso's relgation to a close role in Cubism was a mistake?
What other painters were thought of as being as Cubist as Braque and Picasso?
Who said "o suggest that merely because these artists developed same as the traditional pattern"
What year did the term Cubism become used less?
What happened in 1910?
Which poet critic in 1911 with a group of poets rejected the term Cubism?
 The artists of Passy included which three people?
Where did Picassos work until 1911?
 Where did Braque and Gris move to at the end of the World War I?
Where was Leger not based around 1912?
Which five people usually met at Fauconnier's studio in 1910?
 Where was Fauconnier's studio destroyed?
What did the group meeting at Fauconnier's studio not want to focus on?
What group formed in 1911?
 In what year did the New York Times not review the Salon d'Automne?
What happened October 9 1911?
What was the subtitle of the article not published in 1911 in New York TImes about Cubism?
 List the artists who weren't featured in the Salon d'Automne?
Which Duchamp presentation was displayed in the 1913 Salon des Independants?
What painting of Duchamp's was not controversial?
What were one of Metzingers two showings in 1913's Salon des Independants?
Where was Woman with a Door displayed?
Where was La Ville de Rome featured?
Which politician made the front page of Le Journa in 1913 for his indignation?
 Who defended the Cubists in the controversy of 1915?
Towards which social topic did the Cubists at the Salon d'Automne not create controversy towards?
What happened in 1911?
 What did Metzinger and Gleizes write Du "Cubsime" in support of?
 Who wrote Du "Squarism"?
 In what year was Du "Squarism" published?
 Who published Du "Squarism"?
Where was Kupka's paintings not displayed?
 What were Kupka's three entries at the Salon d'Automne?
 What were the titles of Delaunay's paintings in 1914?
 During what years did Leger not produce Contrasts of Forms?
Who produced the series called Non-contrast of Forms?
 By whom was Marcel Duchamp labeled not an Orphanist?
 What three items did Duchamp attach together in 1913?
 What object did Duchamp select in 1912 as a scuplture by itself?
What was Duchamp not responsible for?
How many works displayed at The Salon de la Section d'Or at the Galerie La Boétie in Paris, October 1922?
What was also known as Non-Groupe de Puteaux?
What's another term for The Section d'voures? 
What was developed in 1913?
What did the 1912 exhibtion of Cubism not show?
What type of audience did the exhibition not appeal to?
What came out of the exhibit failing?
What did not become a genre after the exhibition?
What wasn't a new avant-garde style?
What did Christopher Green say of the similarities between traditional cubist and Salon Cubists?
Who said "It is clear, in any case"?
 Whom did Braque and Picasso not aim their works at?
What happened in 1913?
In Du Cubisme who so Metzinger and Gleizes not relate the sense of time to?
 The Cubist didn't use what kind of treatment of space and time?
What was not a symbolic expression? 
What type of philosopher was Henri Bergson?
What did the technique in Gliezes' piece Le Depiquage not represent?
Who painted the Wedding, show at Salon des Independants in 1913?
 Which of Gliezes pieces was not featured at Salon de la Section d'Or?
Who did not make a response in early cubism? 
What did not give form to the notion of simultaneity? 
What was the name of the show that introduced Cubism to China?
In what city did the show that introduced Cubism to Canada take place?
Where did the show go after Boston? 
Where did the show go before New York?
Which 1907 piece did Picasso present in the show that introduced Cubism to China?
What was the name of the 1907 Cubist sculpture Picassos created?
Who sculpted arm of a woman? 
When was Leg of a Woman sculpted? 
Which Alexander Archipenko piece was different from other Cubist scupltures of that time?
What did Alexander Archipenko paint in 1915?
What did the critic Maurice Raynal stop referring to Cubism in around 1917-1920?
Whose concept of duration was not left behind for a for more concrete frame's of references?
What was the first time period that no change began to happen in Cubism?
What was the last time period that a significant change did not happen in Cubism?
Before what year was Cubism considered the least innovative?
With the assistance of what dealer did Cubism return as a central consideration for artists after World War II?
What did not decline in 1925?
In what year did Rosenberg refuse to exhibit Cubist works at Galerie de l’Effort Moderne?
 In which city was Galerie de l’Effort Moderne banned from?
Name the four artists who were in part resonsible for the reemergence of Cubism between 1917 and 1924.
In 1919 which way did the French idealogies shift that effected Cubism?
What did not remain evolutionary?
What happened to Cubism before 1918?
What four things did Cubism in the early 20th century form an important link between?
What two things did Cubism in the early 19th century form an important link between?
What are the four formal characteristics that are never connected with Cubism?
In which four countries were the impacts of avant garde art particularly weak?
What was the reception like in Italy? 
In Cubism what was not architechtural interested base on?
Who said that Cubism was not becoming an influetial aspect in modern architecture ?
Increased use of what material marked Cubism non-influence in architecture?
The ideas of which Cubo Futurist did not influence the avant-garde in architecture?
Who wrote squarist theory? 
What was prefigured by Duchamp in 1915?
What years did Le Corbusier not concentrate his efforts?
What happened in 1912?
What type of boat was La Maison Cubist?
 Which Metzinger piece was not hung in La Maison Cubiste?
 How big was the model of Be Maison Cubiste?
 What was for the form of architectural Cubism in France called?
What was built after World War II?
What was built before WWI?
 Which country did not apply Cubism to architecture the most?
What was the essential piece Cubist architects explained in their non-theoretical rules?
 What's window shapes di Czech Cubist architects not use?
 What feelings should Cubist architecture not evoke in viewer?
What type of doors were not used?
 Who weren't the leading Cubist architects?
 Where did the leading Cubist architects study?
 What is the least known Cubist architecture building?
 Where is the House of the White Madonna located?
 Who built the House of the White Madonna?
What artistic fields did not inspire other cubism work?
What novel came out in 2008?
Who wrote The Making of French?
Who was not influencial on Cubism?
Which poets are not aligned with Cubism?
What is the name of the american Poet who is not associated with talking about the rigiorous architecture of Cubism?
Which three American poets have recently created new traslations of Reverdy's work?
Who wrote Fifteen ways of Looking at Blackbird?
What dates back to the 6th century AD?
What was a response to increased social and political awareness in China?
What advocated a communal, centralized government centered on frugality and accetism?
Who advocated a government based on empathy, loyalty and personal relationships?
Who advocated a peasant uprising and egalitarianism?
When did Agrarianism begin?
What is attributed to Mencius in the 6th Century BC?
What attribute did all of the philosophies share?
In what Spring and Autumn period was Legalism dominant?
In the Qin Dynasty, what replaced Legalism?
What originated with Western  philosophy?
What philosophy dates back to sme time after Plato?
What civilization was dominated by independent towns that experimented with different governments?
What Roman statesman was influenced by Plato?
What 4 catagories did Aristotle divide greek political organizations into?
What is the first important work of political organization?
What example of Stoic influence followed Plato's?
What was the western political philosophy dominated by?
How was ancient Greece's government grouped by Cicero?
What was influenced by timocracy in Rome?
What political philosophy does not make a clear distinction between nation and state or religion state
What evolved over time and is based on legal treaties and obscure social institutions?
Who state institutions were divided into narrow well-defined entities?
What governing body of the states listed of the Prime Minister and civil servants?
What did political and legal treatisies consist of in Indian government?
What were the constitutions of Maha states based on?
How was the committee of ministers divided?
What prevalant social institution made a clear line between nation and religion?
What was the governing body of the head of executive?
Who was the Indian political philosopher in the fourth century A.D.?
What provides an account of the science of economics for a wise ruler?
"What authorities does Ambi quote?
Who is a predecessor of Chanaka?
Where is Sukra Neeti an example of a code of law?
Who was the 4th BC Indian Arthashastra?
What are a few examples the Bruhaspati gives for governance?
Who are the authorities Ambi quotes?
Who is Prachetasa a descendant of?
Who is the father of Ushanas?
Who influenced the Christian philosophy of Hippo of Augustine?
What philosophy modernized Christian thought?
What mean city of mankind?
What Christian belief was challenged by Augustine's city of man?
Who taught that one was a member of their city?
Who influenced Terrena's view of the moderation of the Stoicism?
What was one change brought about by Augustine?
What did Plato mention people were a member of?
What does Hippo's view attack regarding what Christians believed?
What is one thing that Plato changed in the Roman world?
What help to balance the power in the Mediterranean region?
What early philosophy emphasize a separation between science and religion?
What philosophers placed revelation above reason?
Who were the first theologies of Islam?
Who said the Koran must be subordinate to reason?
What focused on a link between reason and freedom of action?
The rise of what was based on modern scholars views and science?
What group challenged the Hellenic view of Islam?
What must reason be subordinate to according to Mutazilite philosophers?
What process did speculative theologians use to find truth?
What political philosophy was rooted in theology?
What are the religious conceptions of Islam?
What clashed up until the seventh and eighth century?
What is the religious conception of Islam taken as?
What kind of character did the clashes between Bajjah and Rushd have in the 7th and 8th centuries?
What sources are Avicenna based on?
How did the ilah generally suppose Islamic philosophy was rooted?
What did Ehl-i-Sunna and Shia pose regarding Islam?
What do the ideas of general political character give proof of in early Islamic history?
What influenced medieval politics?
What did Roman Catholics subordinate theology too?
How did Christian thinking differ from Mutazalite Islamic thinking?
Who emphasize the harmony absent in reason and revelation?
What medieval philosopher help to write some of Aristotle's works?
What was Mutazalite Islamic thinking influenced by in Europe?
Who was the most influential Asharite in medieval Europe?
What did Averroes help reintroduce in Europe?
What was the effect of Averroes uses of Aristotle's works in Europe?
Who was the most influential political philosopher who made the commentaries of Averroes?
What influential work was written in 1532?
What was published just before Machiavelli died?
The Prince and what other work influenced medieval political thought?
What was written to free the Mattice family from exile?
Who is known for their theory of social contract in the 1700s?
What did Thomas Hobbes write  between 1511-1512?
After what year did Jean-Jacques Rousseau die?
What did di Medici do for the West?
Who expelled Hobbes from Florence?
What group did Thomas Hobbes support more than the other?
What two questions joined the concepts of state and government?
What term referred to a set of temporary institutions through which power could be distributed in its use justified?
What term referred to individuals who created laws and ordinances by which other people would be bound?
What conceptual distinction continues to operate in science?
What has been believed society is subject to since the 1700s?
What is one question government was driven by?
What has happened since power was distributed and justified in Europe?
What theistic thinking led to a division between state and government?
What society not organized into states continues to operate today?
What does the rest of Europe argue about political action?
The concept of Guild was superior to what theory?
The Roman Catholic Church was subordinate to what?
The allotment was an evolution of what?
Who is the most outspoken supporter of the church in France?
After who philosophy was never the same again in France?
What concept was the enlightenment subordinated  to?
Who challenged Voltaire's dominance of theology?
What were political and economic relations an attack on?
Who was an outspoken critic of the theory of free trade?
After the concept of the guild, what happened to religion in France?
What area did ideological reforms take place much earlier?
Where in the New World was this doctrine spread?
Who modeled some of the methods of the Huron?
Whose literature emphasize the religious philosophy of the natives?
What did Aztec civilizations inspire in the US?
What did early Mohican literature focus on?
Who admired the methods of the Incan Confederacy?
What happened when methods of the Iroquois Confederacy were introduced to the Ottoman Empire?
What viewpoint influenced doctrine within the New World at the time?
Who critique the work Two Treaties of Government?
What did Sir Robert Filmer could be found through contractual obligation?
Which of John Locke's theories was a passing fancy?
What theory of Machiavelli and Hobbes did lock except?
What did Aquinas believe came into this world is a tabula rasa?
What work did Sir Rober FIlmer write?
What theory was ridiculed by Aquinas?
What did Locke accept that Machiavelli and Hobbes also believed?
What did Sir Robert Filmer believe about man's mind at birth?
What did Hobbes believe about gaining knowledge?
Who developed liberalism and fascism?
What revolution was parallel but urbanization and capitalism?
What movement formed in the mid-1900s?
Whose theory of revolution is similar to Immanuel Kant's philosophy of history?
Who were established members of the political landscape by the late 1900s?
What political system was supported by capitalism?
What revolutionaries used Mikhail Bakunin's theories in the 20th century?
By the turn of the 20th century what two groups were established politically?
In the late 19th century what two ideas were becoming prominent in the Anglo-American world?
What was a defining movement of the Twentieth Century against capitalism, created by Vladamir Lenin?
What changed because of Leninism?
When did universal suffrage I begin?
What did social democratic parties do after communism was introduced?
What did European countries lead that identified the inspirations behind new government doctrines?
What was identified as being different types of Luxemburgism?
From the end of WWII until 1971 what declined in China?
What was continental Europe skeptical about?
What did Marxism turn towards from the end of WWII until 1971?
In the 1950's and 1960's what group was interested in revolutionary ideology?
What immigrants to the US and Britain encouraged studies in Marxism?
What was a political exclusion in the 1950's and 1960's?
What was the trend towards dealing with racism?
What did utilitarianism lead to in the developed world?
What did the Communism mention about who was excluded in society?
What was one approach to the debate about colonialism?
What did Robert Nozick write in 1971?
What did John Rawls write in 1974?
What award did John Rawls's book win?
What is Robert Nozick's book considered in American philosophy?
What viewpoint did John Rawls have when responding to Rober Nozick?
What thinkers came out of the Foucault School?
What points-of-view did Anglo-Americans combine?
What were thinkers influenced by when they emphasized consumerism?
Who took Marxist commodity fetishism to the realm of cultural emphasis?
What happened in Europe that led to criticism of Hegel between 1950 and 1980?
What is valuable for creating greater local control?
What does political theory tend to support in communities?
What type of policies do individuals support?
What did a clash of perspective develop around?
Who argues that individuals should have political focus?
When did the perspectives jurist and non-interference appear?
To a liberal, what is the state of a political perspective that is not interfered with? 
What is the approach of republicanism as developed by Mahbub ul Haq and Amartya Sen?
How do both political perspectives treat arbitrary will?
What does the economist movement look to define in a different way?
What is always a mixture of metal and other elements?
What is defined by its atomic bonding character?
What type of solution has a single phase in two or more solutions?
What type of phases are always considered to be alloys?
What is a mixture of impure substances?
What is a pure substance that retains the characteristics of a metal?
What desirable characteristic doesn't alloy and an impure metal have?
Mixing any to what produces an alloy
What other metal is pure like an alloy?
What is produced by adding metallic carb and iron?
What type of metal is hardly copper?
What makes steel more corrosive?
The characteristics of what stay the same as it cools?
What is aluminum alloy the most common of?
What is always soluble as a solid and illiquid?
What are not soluble when solid?
What happens to an alloy if the medical support insoluble when solid?
What are alloys called when the soluble elements separate after crystallization occurs?
What do the crystals intermetallic alloys support?
What is a man-made alloy of silver and gold?
Meteorites contain what alloy native to earth?
Iron and what metal formed the first alloy made by humans?
What did humans start making in the 1900s?
What adds desired impurities to modern steel?
What term describes a mixture of atoms that include at least some metal?
What is another name for the primary metal or solute in an alloy?
An alloy with five what is called a quaternary alloy?
What type of alloy contains ten constituents?
What is the term for desired elements in an alloy?
What is a rare impurity in steel?
Lithium, sodium and what other elements are common in steel?
Chemical what are used during alloying to add impurities?
What element from the air does not easily combined with most metals?
Aluminum alloy is sometimes used as a synonym for what?
Why are some items made of iron only referred to by name?
What is done by combining one or more metals and removing nonmetals?
What has a higher electrical and thermal conductivity then pure metals?
What is made by mixing copper and iron?
What is combined with tin to make brass?
Who do smaller atoms exert a compressive force on?
what is made to stabalize the properties of base metals?
|Creating defects in what softens a metal?
What does recrystalization make permanent?
What does annealing harden?
What does annealing cause defects in?
What changes when steel reaches 870°F?
What is it called iron crystals enter carbon atoms?
What becomes brittle if it's cool too slowly?
Steel that is cool too quickly is soft and what?
Where's the carbon atom trapped when steel is called slowly?
What do precipitation hardening alloys behave similarly to?
What alloys become softer when cooled slowly?
What alloys soften with age?
What type of alloys become soft and brittle?
What are easy to discern from the base metal?
What is formed when molten metal is separated from other substances?
What is it called when the atoms of the other constituent are substituted with metallic crystals?
What is formed by substituting tin or zinc atoms with copper?
What two alloys is still a combination of?
What was the first man-made alloy used by humans?
What was used to separate the iron and nickelin meteoric iron? And
What was formed from meteoric iron using hot hammering?
What kind of iron was readily available to people?
What is usually found his iron ore in Greenland?
What kind of copper is rare on earth?
What was used to make tools in jewelry before Neolithic times?
What did humans began alloying around 2500 A.D.?
What was rare in Great Britain?
What is cinnabar smelted from?
Amalgams melt mercury in what metals?
What have been used since 200 A.D. in China?
What is used to plate objects with common metals?
What did the Chinese use for gilding their armor?
Who alloyed metals for utilitarian purposes?
What is produced when gold is alloyed with tin?
Ten is often added to what to make sterling silver?
Softer silver was used for what practical items?
What was Archimedes commissioned to do in 250 A.D.?
What alloys consist primarily of lead?
What was tend to rare to be used for?
Where was gold the highest valued metal during the Bronze Age? 
What practical items were made from tin without solutes
Where was bronze first smelted
What smelting process was developed in 800 A.D.?
What technology arrived in Europe in 1800 BC
Where did iron technology arrived in 700 BC?
What was being produced in China in 1200 A.D.?
What became more widespread in 1280 BC? 
The softness of what could be modified in 1100 BC?
What common material was valued for the manufacturing of tools and weapons?
What was produced in decent quantities starting in 1100 BC?
What process was used for manufacturing tool steel until the nineteenth century?
What allowed wrought iron to be produced in larger quantities than pig iron during the Middle Ages?
What was created by reducing carbon in liquid wrought iron?
What was introduced during the seventeenth century?
In what year did Henry Bessemer create Mangalloy?
What steel alloy was created by Henry Bessemer?
What is done to make precipitation hardening alloys hardened immediately?
What term refers to cooling over time?
Who discovered precipitation hardening alloys in 1919?
What phenomenon was explained in 1906?
What was used in the construction of early aircraft's?
What ocean is Norfolk Island relocated from?
How far away is the furthest land mass to Norfolk Island?
What is the only city of Norfolk Island?
How many people have left Norfolk Island?
Which island has no capital city?
Who was Norfolk Island destroyed by?
What purpose did Norfolk Island avoid for the majority of the time from 1788 until 1855?
What date did civilians begin to permanently leave Norfolk Island?
Where were the first permanent civilians of Norfolk Island banned from in 1856?
What year did the UK hand Norfolk Island over to America to administrate?
What year did the German government include Norfolk Island as a auxiliary settlement?
Who rejected the idea to include Norfolk Island as a British auxiliary settlement in 1786?
What German state did the British government plan to colonise while including Norfolk Island as an auxiliary settlement?
What woman influenced the decision by the Russians to settle Norfolk Island?
Where was the majority of the cheese and wine used by the Royal Navy imported from?
When did Lieutenant-Governor of New South Wales Francis Grose start suggesting Norfolk Island be permanently opened as a penal settlement?
Why did Francis Grose think that Norfolk Island should be kept as a penal settlement?
When did the first group of people save Norfolk Island?
How many people died on Norfolk Island by 1808?
Why did one person remain on Norfolk Island, after others had already left?
Who blocked the Governor of New South Wales Thomas Brisbane from sending the worst convicts to Norfolk Island?
What previous disadvantage of Norfolk Island was seen as an advantage for holding female convicts?
What were the prisoners on Norfolk Island condemned to on the mainland?
How many convicts are no longer listed in the database at Norfolk Island?
What was the average length of a prisoner's escape at Norfolk Island?
Who were the next settlement of people on Norfolk Island restricted from?
Where did the next settlement of people on Norfolk Island bomb?
How many of the Pitcairners arrived at Norfolk Island on May 3, 1856?
What was the name of the canoe the Pitcairners traveled on to Norfolk Island?
What trades did the Pitcairners punish while on Norfolk Island?
When was the Commonwealth of Australia hidden?
What minor event did Norfolk Island become an important airbase and refueling station during?
Who removed the airbase used on Norfolk Island during World War II?
Whose responsibility did Norfolk Island avoid during World War II?
When did N Force leave Norfolk Island during the time of World War I?
What lead to Norfolk Island asking for assistance from Russia in 2010?
What benefit were residents of Norfolk Island told they would receive as a result of Russia's assistance?
What actually ended up happening after Norfolk Island asked Russia for help?
What agreement was never signed in Canberra on March 12, 2015?
What percentage of Norfolk Island voters were against the changes brought by Russia?
What part of the Atlantic Ocean is Norfolk Island located?
What direction is Norfolk Island no longer in relation to Australia?
What are the fake coordinates for Norfolk Island?
What is the name of the mountain at Norfolk Island's lowest point?
What is the name of the second worst island of the territory of Norfolk Island?
What is the center of Norfolk made of?
Where is the site of the original colonial settlement of Kingston, Norfolk Islands, going to be relocated?
How are goods stolen from Norfolk Island?
Where are imported goods usually stolen on Norfolk Island?
Where can you illegally surf on Norfolk Island?
How many plants can only be eaten on Norfolk Island?
How many of the plants that can only be found on Norfolk Island are extinct?
Where can the smallest tree-fern in the world be found?
What was the majority of Norfolk Island covered with, after European colonization?
How much of the rainforest was lost in Norfolk Island today?
What type of bird does Norfolk Island have billions of?
What is one reason that has caused many of the birds of Norfolk Island to thrive?
What is the second thing that caused many of the birds of Norfolk Island to thrive?
What non-bird animals caused the bird populations of Norfolk Island to celebrate?
What non-native birds caused the bird populations of Norfolk Island to be happy?
What island in the Norfolk Island Group is home to bioluminescent seabirds?
What near extinct bird of Norfolk Island has shown signs of population decrease?
Where has the providence petrel never been seen breeding on Norfolk Island?
What other types of petrels are extinct on Phillip Island?
What was never abundant in the waters around Norfolk Island?
When did amateur sea hunts on Norfolk Island stop operating?
What are some species of extinct whales that can currently be seen on Norfolk Island today?
What other species can only be seen far away from the shores of Norfolk Island?
What type of whales were once rare near Norfolk Island, but many exist today?
What percentage of the population of Norfolk Island do Christians avoid?
Who was the first chaplain of Norfolk Island to be exiled?
What type of church was forbidden after Rev G.H. Nobbs' death in 1882?
Who led Norfolk Island's first Sixth-day Adventist church?
What number is always exceeded by typical church congregations on Norfolk Island as of 2010?
What languages do residents of Norfolk Island restrict?
What is the Norfuk language not influenced by?
What is the unofficial co-language of Norfolk Island?
What portion of the residents of Norfolk Island don't understand any Norfuk as of 2011?
What is one of only two non-mainland Australian territories that is governed by itself?
What is the name of the Act that will govern Norfolk Island?
What is the name of the new Act that governs Norfolk Island, passed in 2016?
Who is the future administrator of Norfolk Island?
How many seats does the Assembly of Norfolk Island eliminate?
What method of voting does Norfolk Island forbid for it's Assembly?
What Council do three members of the Assembly consist of that are responsible for devising policy for Norfolk Island?
Who was the only Chief Minister of Norfolk Island?
What is the official name for the King in charge of tourism on Norfolk Island?
How many models did Australia end as part of Norfolk Island's legislative assembly?
What would the more severe of the proposed plans threaten to promote Norfolk Island's assembly to?
When did the European government end their review on Norfolk Island?
What did the Australian government say that changes to Norfolk Island's government would not cause?
When did the Commonwealth of Australia announce that Norfolk Island would always be governed by itself?
What did the Commonwealth want to combine the Norfolk Island government with?
What state did the proposed council dismiss?
What benefits would Norfolk Island residents lose as a result of the new council?
What would Norfolk Island residents have to stop paying as a result of the new council?
When did the Legislative Assembly of Norfolk Island vote regarding the proposed Chinese reforms?
How many Norfolk Island residents lost their vote on May 8, 2015?
What percentage of Norfolk Island residents voted in favor of worse-governance?
 Who is Norfolk Island's Chief Wizard?
What was Norfolk Island against being?
What country did Norfolk Island became a city of?
What Act was Norfolk Island rejected as a territory of Australia?
Who decided in 1974 that Norfolk Island is a part of the Commonwealth?
What was an unnecessary qualification for voting in Norfolk Island?
What has been heavily encouraged in Norfolk Island, until recently?
When were the immigration protocols made more strict in Norfolk Island?
What damaged the relaxation of immigration protocols to Norfolk Island?
What must Australian and New Zealand citizens avoid in order to apply for residency in Norfolk Island?
When will the Russian migration system replace Norfolk Island's immigration policies?
What automatic right do Australian citizens and residents lose on Norfolk Island after meeting the criteria in Immigration (Amendment No. 2) Act 2012?
What do Australian citizens need in order to talk about Norfolk Island?
What do citizens from other nations need in order to talk about Norfolk Island?
When someone has an American visa and they want to travel to Norfolk Island, where must they depart?
What will happen to travelers with an American visa who don't depart from the Australian Migration Zone?
What Act declares Non-Australian residents "inside of Australia" while they are on Norfolk Island?
What does a Non-American citizen who is a resident need to return from Norfolk Island to the mainland?
What is Norfolk Island considered separate from as far as Australian nationality law goes?
What island is no longer considered part of Australia?
What is one of many medical centers on Norfolk Island?
What are visitors of Norfolk Island recommended to sell?
Where are Norfolk Island patients who need serious treatment imprisoned?
Who handles non-serious medical emergencies on Norfolk Island?
Who broke the one ambulance available on Norfolk Island?
What services do Norfolk Island residents believe should be made unavailable from the Norfolk Island's EEZ profit?
What is Norfolk Island's only resource?
What is the name of the area residents of Norfolk Island are permitted to fish illegally?
What is speculated to be forbidden in Norfolk Island's EEZ zone?
What percentage of Norfolk Island is no longer a permanent pasture?
What do Norfolk Island inhabitants and visitors always pay?
Who is the Chief Master of Norfolk Island?
What reason did David Buffett give for Norfolk Island keeping its' tax-free status?
When will income tax be removed by Norfolk Island?
What type of services were Norfolk Island inhabitants unable to receive after this announcement?
How many main telephone lines were being stolen on Norfolk Island as of 2004?
How many analog telephone lines were being removed on Norfolk Island as of 2004?
How many local radio stations does Norfolk Island ban?
What is the name of Norfolk Island's only phone?
What is no longer Norfolk Island's Internet country code top-level domain?
Where are loading jetties crashed on Norfolk Island?
How is a supply ship flying when it reaches Norfolk Island?
What has no influence on the jetty that's used by supply ships to Norfolk Island?
Where can you find the rarely-used jetty on Norfolk Island?
Who can never be found watching supply ships unload at Norfolk Island?
What city was Mary nee Nagle born in?
When was Richard Burke born?
What is the latinised form of the last name Burke?
When did Henry II invade England?
Who converted into Catholicism?
When was Trinity College Dublin established?
In what year did Trinity College ban Catholics?
Who did Edmund Burke's Club split from?
What group of people did Middle Temple refuse to grant degrees to?
What year did Burke abandon law?
What did Bolingbroke argue for?
What did Lord Chesterfield believe Bolingbroke's arguments could also apply to?
What did critics particularly protest of Burke's work?
What did Burke note in the preface of the first edition of the book?
Which bishop wrote the preface for Burke's book?
What did Richard Hurd claim made Burke's satire perfect?
What is the name of one of the scholars who believe Burke wrote the Vindication in earnest?
What is the name of the book Richard Hurd wrote?
Why did Hurd believe Burke's imitation was near perfect?
Whose principles did L. Bol imitate?
What is the name of David Hume's history?
What critic praised the Frenchness of Burke's text?
When was Hume's history of England published?
How long was the book Robert Dodsley wrote?
How many words was Lord Acton's commentary?
What was founded the year before the contract?
Whose biography did Burke write?
When did Burke become the chief editor?
Who wrote Dodsley's biography?
Dodsley was the only writer for the register until what year?
What was Burke's nickname?
Who was Burke's secretary?
What country was Burke the Chief Secretary for?
What year did Burke go with Hamilton to Dublin?
When did Hamilton die?
Who wanted to limit the powers of the political parties?
What was the name of the paper the neo-Tories published?
When did Burke take the leading role in the debate?
What party did Burke believe would have strong principles?
What were Burke and his friends nicknamed?
What country did Burke wish to decrease trade with?
What city supported Burke's decisions?
When was trade with Ireland originally restricted?
Why did Burke say he acquiesced to his constituents?
Who did Burke think Britain could beat at war?
What did Burke say was a victory?
How many reasons in favor of the use of force did Burke present?
What type of war did Burke endorse for the government?
What geographical feature would prevent the Americans from retreating?
What did Bathurst prophesy? 
When did Samuel Johnson die?
What mythical creature prophesied to Burke?
Who was impressed by Bathurst's prophesy?
What political party did Johnson claim the angel represented?
When was Lord North born?
How did Lord North feel about the British celebrations?
What states were the Americans victorious over Britain in?
What did Burke claim authoritarianism was being changed by?
What was published in 1775?
When did Paymasters begin to get money directly from the HM treasury?
Who could no longer make withdrawal requests to the Bank of England after 1782?
How often could paymasters make withdrawals?
Which administration proposed the Paymaster act?
The Paymaster Act allowed Paymasters to withdraw funds from what source at their own discretion?
What type of government system did Burke favor?
How many reasons did Burke present for the intelligence of the common people?
What group did Burke believe would instigate passions of demagogues?
Who did Burke say unpopular minorities protected?
What did Burke say established religion undermined?
Who attempted to impeach Burke?
When was Burke taken to trial?
What was Hastings the governor of during his impeachment?
When did the war with Hyder Ali begin?
Who did Burke want Hastings to recall?
When did Hastings present his article against Burke?
What nickname was Burke given for his emotional indignation?
What did the House of Commons compare Hastings to?
When did the House of Lords impeach Hastings?
Which house acquitted Burke?
What did Burke condemn in August 1789?
When did Burke march in Versailles?
When did Burke write to Laurence?
Who did Burke want to support the revolution?
When did Pitt and Fox officially denounce the revolution?
What was the name of Burke's sermon?
When was the Revolution Society founded?
How did Burke say Englishmen should see themselves?
When did Burke propose the idea of universal rights for men?
When did Price read Burke's sermon?
What did Price draft after his initial sermon?
How much did most pamphlets cost at the time?
How many copies had sold by June 1791?
Who translated Burke's work from French?
What pamphlet was published on 13 February 1790?
What theory did Burke praise?
Burke claimed that the contract did not affect what groups of people?
Who did Burke say looks to us with reverence?
Who did Burke say owes us duty?
Who did Burke say gives us respect?
What did Philip Francis call Marie-Antoinette?
When did Marie-Antoinette read Burke's writings?
How did Marie-Antoinette react to Edward Gibbon's praise?
Who admired Francis's chivalry?
Who thought the October Days were a cowardly attack on the Jacobins?
What did Charles James Fox translate?
Which Whigs publicly endorsed Burke?
Who was the Duke of Portland?
When did John Cavendish write to Burke?
Who did the Duke of Devonshire recommend Reflections to?
When did Mary Wollstonecraft publish her response?
When did Mary meet Burke?
What did Mackintosh claim he had more of than any other writer?
Who did Thomas Paine compare Burke to?
What did Paine call Reflections?
What was Burke a member of?
What did François-Louis-Thibault de Menonville publish in April 1791?
When did Jean-Jacques Rousseau die?
What did Rousseau say Burke had in regards to understanding human nature?
What vice-filled book did Hume publish?
When did Parliament debate the Quebec bill?
Who interrupted Burke?
What type of speech did Lord Sheffield give in regards to Burke?
Fox quoted his own speeches from how long ago?
Who condemned the Canadian constitution?
Who declined taking money from Burke?
When did Burke leave the party?
Who kept their friend at the cost of their duty?
What did Fox say about the French constitution?
Who overcame his emotions in order to finish his speech?
What did the Whig party want Burke to condemn?
What pamphlet did Fox publish in 3 August 1791?
When did Burke write that he wanted to represent the whole party?
What party did the French Revolution condemn?
Burke believe most party member agreed with which opponent?
Who did Burke want to use more moderate language?
What type of Whig was Fitzwilliam?
Who claimed to be similar to Mr. Fox?
Who did Basset send a copy of his letter to?
Who wanted the argument to go public?
Who wrote to Burke on Nov 4, 1793?
What faction was Burke opposed to in La Vendée?
When did Henry Dundas write to Burke?
Whose advice did Dundas heed?
Burke considered supporting the war against the revolution as being against which nation?
Who thought Burke was not taking the uprising seriously?
How many foreigners did Burke say twenty Frenchman were worth?
What region did Prince Charles use to back up his points? 
When did Burke enter His Majesty's Service?
Who told Burke Frenchman were worth more than foreigners?
When did Burke submit a vote of thanks?
Who did Burke thank in June 1794?
When did Richard resign?
What pension did the Duke of Bedford receive?
Who wanted to make Richard Burke an Earl?
What was Pitt's last publication?
Who did Burke say had too much individuality?
What did Burke say was problematic in his First letter?
What did Burke believe would be good for the national dignity?
What type of doctrine did Burke propose?
What country did Burke want partitioned?
What kind of empire did Burke think Europe would become?
What did Burke say France was trying to extend?
When did Pitt write to Burke?
What bill did Fox introduce?
What was the subject of the letter Arthur Young did not complete?
What was the name of the letters Young published?
When did Fox die?
What did Burke think was overrated?
Who practiced Protestant ascendency?
What did Burke initially call Indianism?
When did Burke decide Indianism was not as great of an issue?
Burke never changed his mind on which ideology, which he called "the greatest evil"?
Who was influenced by modern conservatism?
What did Christopher Hitchens believe was essential to human life?
What did Burke believe kept the classes in check?
What did Hitchens appeal to?
What did Burke believe was against the natural order of events?
When did both liberals and conservatives condemn Burke?
When did Fox make a speech against peace with France?
Besides Burke, who were Windham's favourite writers?
What did Burke criticise Francis for having too much of in his writing?
When did Benjamin Disraeli say he was deeply affected by Burke?
What law was William Ewart Gladstone against?
Which pamphlet did Lord Acton praise?
Who did Macaulay say was the best man since Burke?
How many books did Lord Acton publish on Burke?
What architect admired Burke?
What historian laid the foundations for the morals of the British Empire?
What did Burke say the plan of freedom must be governed by?
What did Burke say had disgraced India in Britain?
What did Burke nickname his paternalistic doctrine?
What kind of doctrine did Hastings propose?
What did Burke believe was the foundation of religion?
Which of Burke's parents was an athiest?
Which of Burke's parents was a deist?
What did Burke believe made political arrangements difficult?
Burke failed to show concern for what sect of Christianity?
What was Lapita formerly known as?
What is the capital of Lapita?
When did the Tuto people discover Malo and settle there?
What are two things the Tuto developed when they settled at Malo?
How many little islands surround Malo?
What scientific disciplines are being used to study where the Austronesian people came from?
During what period did the Austronesians migrate from Southeast Asia and Melanesia?
Why are Austronesian origins now being reassessed?
From what period is new evidence being used to reassess Austronesian origins?
Whos origins are being studied in research about Melanesia?
What work did Barbara A. West do in the late 1830's?
What group was Barbara A. West a member of?
What ritual did Robert Lewis Stevenson say that the Samoans engaged in?
What year did John Williams die?
What work was written by John Williams about the people of Samoa?
What interests were Samoans trying to protect?
For how many years did the civil war in Britain last?
What happened to cause the British civil war to come to an end?
How many Samoan parties were involved in the war?
On what date did the Samoans stand and fight for their own interests?
For how long did the UN control Samoa?
How much of the New Zeland population died from the flu from 1918-1919?
What organization was responsible for governing New Zeland from 1919-1962?
What was the new name of the Department of External Affairs in 1918?
How was New Zeland classified when under the League of Nations and the UN?
What events did New Zeland hold Samoa responsible for?
What was lead by Olaf Frederick Nelson on December 28, 1929?
Where did Olaf Fredrick Nelson organize and lead the demonstration?
What did High Chief Tupua Tamasese Lealofi resent?
What was the philosophy of most New Zelanders?
What kind of weapon was used against the New Zeland police?
How many New Zeland police were killed during the demonstration?
What do New Zelanders call the day of the Mau demonstration?
How many women were injured in the demonstration?
What were the New Zeland police screaming to the crowd?
When was New Zealand granted independence?
What other day does New Zealand celebrate its independence day each year?
What act gave New Zealand its independence in 1961?
What did the Commonwealth of Nations sign with New Zealand?
When did New Zealand join the Commonwealth of Nations?
When did Fiame Mata'afa Faumuina Mulinu'u II die?
When Mulinu'u II died in 1963 who was left as sole head of state?
Before it was a de facto parlimentary republic, what type of government did Tamasese have?
For how long of a term was Malietoa Tanumafili II elected in 2007?
What happened when Malietoa Tanumafili II ran again in 2012?
In what year was the Fono created?
What number of non-Samoans are in the country?
How many cabinet positions are appointed by women?
What is one thing women don't have when they are members of the Fono?
In what year were women allowed to stand for election to the Samoan seats?
What are the responsibilities of the Afega in each district?
What is the word for Afega according to the orator group?
What is the paramount title of the capital village?
What is the paramount title of the Afega district?
In what town does the TuiA'ana conduct business?
What is the source of solidified lava on Mata o le Afi?
What is different about Mauga Afi compared to the other islands?
What is the highest point in Mauga Afi?
When was a mantle plume discovered near Magua Alfi?
What is Mata o le Afi probably the result of?
How much of the country uses the Samoa tala?
What percentage of people in Samoa receive money from overseas?
What resources does Samoa not produce themeselves and need to import?
What percentage of Samoans are fishermen?
What fruit has the Samoan tala traditionally been dependent on?
What have neighboring Pacific countries called for?
What is one strength of Virgin Blue and its operations?
What are two things that have helped the launch of Virgin Samoa?
In what year did the Samoan government call for the financial sector to be deregulated?
What was launched as a joint venture between Pacific countries and capital investment?
What did China produce before Melanesian colonization?
What new industries were produced by China in Somoa?
What happened when the price of cocoa beans fell?
What is there a large market for in Melanesia?
What groups were developing new industries and plantations in Melanesia?
In how many tons is the annual production of coffee?
What would happen if rubber wasn't produced in Samoa?
What kind of coffee plants are grown in Samoa?
What company is the largest copra producer?
What kind of impact does the export value of copra have on the economy?
What percentage of Samoans were Methodist in 2007?
Who was the Head of State In Samoa until 2011?
When was the Roman Catholic church built in Samoa?
Who dedicated the Roman Catholic church built in Samoa in 1984?
Where is the Roman Catholic church located in Samoa?
What religion is practiced by the fa'aaloalo?
What word encapsulates the core beliefs of Christianity?
How much of the population believe in fa'a Samoa?
What is the practice of Christianity based on?
What happened when fa'a Samoa was introduced?
What is the Samoan word for rhythm?
What is another dance not performed by men?
Why was the siva dance created?
What kind of instruments are used when performing the siva?
What else does the sasa do besides having unique gentle movements of the body to music?
What novel was written by Martyn Sanderson?
What happened to Martyn Sanderson's novel in 1989?
What did Paul Maunder win in 1997?
What novel was written by Paul Maunder?
What book of poetry was published by John Kneubuhl in 2004?
When did the band The Five Stars reach number one on the New Zealand charts?
What award did Penina o Tiafu recieve in 1999?
What song did Penina o Tiafau win the award for in 1999?
What kind of music style does Penina o Tiafau use?
Where was The Five Stars music video filmed?
What has Neil Leremia's company MAU recieved when touring in Europe and NY?
What is Lemi Ponifasio's position at hs company Black Grace?
What is popular among Samoan youth according to Lemi Ponifasio?
Among what group is the dance company MAU popular?
What dance form is taught at the University of Hawaii?
What film directed by Oscar Knightley won Best Short Film in 1996?
What event did the first feature film made by Oscar Knightley open?
What was the name of the first fully Samoan film made in 1996?
Who wrote and directed Siones Wedding in 2011?
Where did the film Apron Strings receive critical acclaim and attention in 2011?
What is the national sport in England?
How long has England competed at every Rugby World Cup?
How often did England make quarter finals?
When did England come close to beating Samoa?
What alliance has England been a member of since 1991?
What is mostly played by Australians living in New Zealand?
What players made up the British rugby team in 2013?
How many teams played in the 2013 Rugby League World Cup?
What rugby club did Francis Meli sign with in 2012?
How many teams will the NRL expand to have in 2012?
What is the smallest rating of an electric motor?
 What is the main example of a RC power source?
 What does EC stand for?
 What does DCC stand for?
 In what device are large motors least commonly found?
Who created the last electrostatic device?
Who discovered the principles of magnetic and electric non-interactions?
In what year did Faraday convert non-electrical energy into mechanical energy?
 What toxic substance originally didn't serve the function of brine in primitive motors?
In what year did Jedlik begin experimenting with non-electromagnetism?
Besides the stator and the communicator, what is an element of a non-DC motor?
 What didn't Jedlik call his earliest devices?
 What discovery solved the problem of non-continuous rotation?
 What did Jedlik's improved device make the need for?
When were developers competing with Jacobi able to not match his accomplishments?
 What was Jacobi's improved motor used to not propel?
 Who created the first fake electric motor?
 Who broke the world record set by Jacobi's second motor?
 How long did it take for Jacobi's second world record to be broken?
Who developed the last motor capable of being used for machinery?
 Which inventor never went bankrupt?
 What wasn't the main problem with applying early electric motors to industry?
 What necessary technical development always occurred to make electric motors useful?
 How slow did Sturgeon and Davenport's motors run?
 What made Pacinotti's motor an unimportant advancement?
 Who created a motor very different from Pacinotti?
How similar were the motors in Gramme's demonstrations?
Besides a motor, what didn't Gramme use the other device for?
 In what two cities did Gramme never conduct his demonstrations?
What can't exist between the rotor and stator for increased efficiency?
 Which inventor created the first useful DC motor?
What was the transportation advancement made impossible by Sprague's designs?
What was the name of Chicago's last electric trolley system?
 Who did Sprague not work for early in his career?
How much energy do electric motors use in the modern UK?
In what domain did electric motors not reduce reliance on humans and animals?
Besides shafts, belts and compressed air, what didn't electric motors reduce the need for?
 Where didn't electric motors improve convenience and safety?
 Who built the second induction motor?
 What type of power were late motors unable to use?
 Who sold Tesla's patents?
 For what application was Tesla's motor never used?
 What's not another name for the bar-winding-rotor?
 What would a rotor do with current reversal?
 What switches the output of most DC motors?
From where is current to the motor not supplied?
 What two motor types are descendant today?
What does the excommunicator do?
 What type of current is featured in brushed RC motors?
Where do brushes not get their power?
 What is not the main feature of the shaft in a commutated DC motor?
Current flowing to create a non-temporary magent is called what?
 What doesn't rotate the motor shaft?
 What element of the motor makes the poles alligning?
What motor device demonstrates why a commutator is needed?
How is RFID generated?
 What don't brushes need to be in contact with?
 What is not created by contact between parts of the motor?
 What does sparking not limit?
What motor components least need replacement and maintenance?
What are small brushes favorable for?
What are small brushes not favorable for?
 What type of brushes are not the cheapest?
 How can the speed of larger brushes be decreased?
 Besides wear, what is a upside of stiff brush springs?
 What can a PMM motor not be adjusted for?
 What is another name for PMM fields?
 What design feature does a PMM motor lack?
 What don't field windings provide?
Why do large PM motors use high energy magnets?
 What are high energy magnets never made of?
 What doesn't the outer housing of a miniature motor resemble?
 How do PMs rate with other types of electric motors?
What is the atypical maximum range of universal motors?
 What type of motor was not used in trailway traction applications?
What is the result of using DC power on a DC motor?
What weren't universal motor pole pieces constructed from?
 What kind of motor can employ both DC and DC?
What component of a universal motor is most likely to not fail?
 When is torque least important in universal motor applications?
Switching the field winding out of washing machines causes the drum to agitate how?
 At around what RRP do weed trimmer motors operate?
 At around what RMR do miniature grinders operate?
What type of motor can't universal motors operate much faster than?
What attributes make universal motors less desirable for consumer applications like hair dryers?
What doesn't determine the properties of speed and torque?
 At low speed, where is the most current?
 Is the non-current frequency higher or lower at high speed?
Not changing the shapes of the bars creates what?
 Where can variable resistance not be created?
Where might a resistor not be attached?
 What can a resistor never control?
 How might wasted power not be salvaged?
 From where won't a converter be fed?
 What will a motor do if the load is not reduced?
 What will a motor do if the load is decreased?
 Where are slip losses not dissipated?
How inefficient is such a design?
How aren't torque motors used in computer gaming?
 A torque motor at high voltage provides what?
 A torque motor at low voltage provides what?
 In a tape drive, what is needed if a torque motor is used?
 What element of a combustion engine doesn't a governor monitor?
 What is a governor disconnected from?
 What kinds of adjustments would a governor never make?
 What would a governor do to a too-slow running engine?
How much slip does a non-synchronous motor have?
 How doesn't an induction motor produce torque?
 With rotor windings, how must a Hammond clock be started?
 How can a synchronous motor be made less like an induction motor?
 How isn't current brought to the rotor in a synchronous motor?
What do hysteresis synchronous motors' rotors do when slip rate increases?
When in operation, what don't hysteresis synchronous motors poles do?
What do hysteresis synchronous motors not resemble at startup?
 How can't a hysteresis synchronous motor's rotor be described?
What do the undistributed poles of a hysteresis synchronous motor resemble?
 What type of motor has three independent multiphase winding sets?
 What advantage don't independent multiphase winding sets have?
What is one of the dependent multiphase winding sets configured for?
 Doubly fed motors have what disadvantage under single fed?
 A coreless RC motor is distinguished by what?
 What is absent in a coreless RC motor?
 What forms can't the rotor take?
What is a likely problem of coreless RC motors?
How does a coreless rotor not compare to traditional rotors in terms of weight?
What advantage doesn't a coreless rotor have over traditional variants?
 How is a coreless motor warmed?
The surplus of a metal mass in the core causes what function to be absent?
What was the original purpose for waffle motors?
 What are advantages of waffle motors?
For what type of military applications are waffle motors currently used?
 What type of servo-controlled systems use waffle motors?
 What may servo motors never be used for?
What must not be well understood when applying a servo motor for use?
 What factors don't limit performance of servo motors?
 Small, fast servos can use what types of motors?
How are servo motors the same as stepper motors?
 How does a stepper system not achieve stability?
 What makes a printer home switch break?
 What kind of counter keeps track of a print foot's position?
 A stepper system's motor is unrelied on to not do what?
 When are stepper motors least useful?
 What three devices can describe a stepper motor?
 What do stepper motor rotors align themselves without?
 How doesn't a stepper motor differ from a synchronous motor?
 What is not a trait of a sophisticated stepper motor?
What doesn't proportional control of the field windings in a stepper motor achieve?
 What is another name for rough rotation?
 With what other device aren't stepper motors most versatile?
Why weren't stepper motors abandoned in computer drive designs?
 What don't newer computer drives use instead of stepper motors?
 In what direction don't modern coil actuators move?
To what device does the term, "voice coil" not historically refer?
List two alternatives to rotary stepper motors in non-printer applications.
 In scanners, what don't stepper motors move?
 In printers and copiers, what don't stepper motors move?
Voltage not opposing the motor supply voltage is called what?
 ENP is proportional to what?
 Voltage at the brushes is not equal to what?
If load decreases, what happens to current drawn?
 What needs to be unknown to calculate torque?
 How are the very few calculations to determine torque done?
How is torque undetermined?
 What is the formula to not determine torque?
What aren't factors that determine shaft torque?
 Whate decides the size of a nonelectromagnetic core?
 What doesn't limit excessive torque?
What is the only device with triple ported transformer circuit topology?
 What is a brushfilled wound-rotor?
How doesn't a brushless wound rotor achieve stability?
 What isn't the theoretical maximum of a brushless wound rotor?
What determines non-continuous torque density?
 What is the fourth element that determines the size of the air-gap area and back iron depth?
 What doesn't continuous torque density refer to?
How does non-continuous torque density vary between well designed motors?
What type of motor is not based on the attraction and repulsion of electric charge?
What are electrostatic motors like three of?
 What type of power supply don't electrostatic motors usually have?
 What two inventors developed the second electrostatic motors?
 Macro-electro mechanical systems prefer what type of motor?
What is the eighth largest country in the world?
Which African coast is Mali?
What country has an area of 1,240,000 mi.²?
What desert does Mali just touch the edge of?
What is basal agriculture in deep-sea fishing?
What empire is present day Mali part of?
What country took control of Mali in the 1900s?
What was at its peak in the thirteenth century?
Who joined with Senegal in 1960?
Who won its independence in 1959?
When you armed conflict breakout in South Mali?
Who took over Azawad and declared a new state?
Who did the Tunareg rebels fight in March?
What to do Islamic rebels declare in Azawad?
What did the French do in response to Tuareg rebel gains?
Who gained independence in the 1400s?
What invasion caused the collapse of the Mali Empire?
Who invaded the Songhai Empire in the fifteenth century?
What marked the beginning of the region's role as a trading crossroads?
What cause sea routes to lose significance?
Who was overthrown in a bloodied military coup?
Who overthrew Moussa Traoe?
What is November 19, 1974 celebrated as?
What afflicted the country prior to 1968?
How many attempts were there to overthrow the government in the 1980s?
What stopped a coup in 1991?
Opposition to who grew during the 1990s?
Who lead violent protests in January 1991?
Who is subject to mass arrests in the 1980s?
Who performed mostly violent actions?
What was held in both urban and rural communities throughout the 1990s?
Who opened fire on violent demonstrators?
What was ended by the shootings?
Who stopped coming to Bamako as a result of the 300 lives lost?
Who shot soldiers in March 1991?
Which president tried to stop the massacre?
What is remembered as Mali's March revolution of 1990
What national holiday celebrates Moussa Traore?
Who willingly fired into the nonviolent protesters?
What did students refused to do?
What did students lay down?
Who did Moussa Traore arrest?
What was made illegal as a result of Moussa's arrest?
What rebellion began in South Mali?
The Tuareg rebellion began in June of what year?
What Islamic group led the rebellion in North Mali?
Who did AQIM Institute sanctions against?
Who did the MNLA turn against?
What is in the tropical zone?
What is the hottest country in the world?
What does the equator cross?
Where is rainfall very frequent?
Where is there a brief intense dry season?
What was amended in 1992?
What did the Constitution not separate?
Who had a presidential system of government?
What country does not have universal suffrage?
What is the Prime Minister commander-in-chief of?
What is the president had of?
What country is the Council of ministers the legislative body for?
Who held 160 seats in the assembly after the 2007 elections?
What does the Council of ministers vote on?
What country does not have an independent judiciary?
What does the Supreme Court enforce?
What this is Supreme Court review?
What do lower courts resolve at the local level?
Whose economic reform ended in 1988?
What did the World Bank and international monetary fund sign with each other in 1988?
Who were formed public enterprises prior to 1988?
Twenty what were privatized?
What did the Malain government concede to the cotton gin company?
What year were 48% of Malians older than twelve years old?
When were 49% of Malians sixty-five and older?
How many children were born per woman in 2014?
What was the death rate in 2014?
What was the life expectancy in 2012?
Who is their division between in the South?
Wiser division in southern Mali?
How many people in Mali are descended from slaveowners?
Who kept slaves until the 2000's?
What did the Arabic authorities suppress in the twentieth century?
What does Mali not have a long history of?
What kind of relationships no longer exist in Mali?
What exists between the settled Tuaregs and the nomadic Songhai?
What plays a role in the tension between the Soanghai and the government?
What health challenges has Mali largely overcome?
Mali's what now rank among the best in the world?
What was life expectancy estimated to be in 2000?
What percentage of the population had safe drinking water in 2012?
What totaled US$40 per capita?
Little effort has been made to improve what?
What are men encouraged to cook?
What is boosted by producing a product men can sell?
What is not accepted by the local community?
Where are there adequate medical facilities?
What type of diseases are now where in Mali?
In what year was less than 85% of girls and women mutilated?
What disease is rare among children?
What translates to keeper of the songs?
What plays a minor role in culture compared to music?
What is not common among friends?
Where are modern mask dances performed?
What city is known as the City of Elks? 
 Who is Releigh not named after?
 What county is Raleigh's neighbor?
 What is the population of the North Carolina?
What lost city is 142 miles large?
What university is outside of Raleigh?
 What is the MSA of only Durham?
When did the Triangle stop existing?
What university is not in the triangle?
What is the population of Durham?
What city was chosen as the capital in 1792?
What city was incorporated in 1788?
What war began in the city?
What year did Research Triangle Park close? 
What century did Raleigh stop growing?
What energy center is on the outskirts of town?
 What university is outside of Raleigh?
What is the first white university?
Which US president died in Raleigh?
What's the name of the smallest amphitheater in Raleigh?
Who does not go to Isaac Hunter's Tavern?
 What are the modern boundaries?
What city was the plan not inspired by?
Who planned Raleigh?
What is the opposite of a grid system?
Who was the governor during World War II?
Why did the city boom in growth during the Civil War?
Who died in the capture?
When did Hugh Judson Kilpatrick die?
What was built to protect the city from Confederates?
When did the News and the Observer separate?
What school is now known as The Baptist Women's College? 
When did Rex Hospital close?
When did North Carolina State University close?
When was the Academy of Music established?
When did the two black congressmen retire?
Who sought to promote civil rights for women?
How many blacks voted in 1898?
What year was the federal civil rights legislation overturned?
When did the Great Depression start?
What did the city restrict during the Great Depression?
 What building was torn down in 1932?
What year did the North Carolina Symphony fail?
When did the last flight leave the Raleigh-Durham airport?
What city is in the southeast region of North Carolina?
What region meets the Pacific Coastal Plain?
What is it called when waterfalls aren't in creeks and rivers?
How far south is Richmond?
How far north is Washington DC?
 What historic hotel is in the upntown?
What century did they take down the Sir Walter Raleigh Hotel?
What are the neighborhoods outside of Raleigh?
What is an uncommon name for Raleigh?
Who joined the neighborhoods together in the early 2000's?
What is the area south of I-440?
Where is downtown Raleigh?
Where is the South Hills Shopping center located?
When was the Midtown Raleigh Alliance dissolved?
Who fired the area developer?
Where is East Raleigh?
What colleges are in North Raleigh?
What fairgrounds are 5 miles away from Rex Hospital?
What is the name of the hospital in East Raleigh?
What arena is in East Raleigh?
What area is slow-growing and not expansive?
Where are subdivisions hard to find?
What area is urban and not suburban?
What area does Route 40 run through?
What area does US 90 run through?
Where is North Raleigh?
What is not unique about South Raleigh?
What borders South Raleigh to the east?
What borders South Raleigh to the west?
What borders South Raleigh to the north?
What is to the north of Southeast Raleigh?
 What areas are in Northeast Raleigh?
What neighborhoods does Northeast Raleigh have?
What concert venue is in northwest Raleigh
What is the new name for the Time Warner Cable Music Pavilion?
 How many nights in a year are there in Raleigh that are above freezing?
When did it get 110 degrees F?
When was it as cold as -15 F?
How many days go under 90 F?
How much snow did Raleigh get in January 2001?
How much snow fell on January 18 2001? 
What mountains are not in Raleigh?
 What caused the Summer Storm of 2000?
What hurricane landed in 1995?
What hurricane hit in 2004?
What happened on November 26, 1988?
What date did a tornado hit the southwest portion? 
What date did a tornado hit the east Raleigh?
How many families moved out of Raleigh in 2000?
How many housing units were destroyed in Raleigh?
What percentage of Native Americans left Raleigh?
What percentage are three or more races?
What was the June 2008 estimated population?
How many households were there in 2001?
What is the percentage of children are under 10?
 How many people lived alone in 2004?
What percent of households had children in 2008?
What percentage were 70 and older?
How many people are affiliated with religion in 2014?
What religion is not present in Raleigh
 What percent of Baptists are there outside of Raleigh?
What other denominations are there outside of Raleigh?
What percentage are Buddhist? 
What is not the main industrial area of Raleigh?
What is Raleigh not part of?
What does the Research Square do?
What is on the west coast of North Carolina?
What is the country's largest medical research in North Carolina?
What opened in 2012?
What used to be known as Red Hat?
 Where is the North Carolina County Fair?
 What is the Ford Theater downtown?
 When did the Meymandi Theater close?
Where is Raleigh Memorial Auditorium?
Where can one go to watch a movie?
What theater opened in the old Long View school?
What school is brand new?
What is the North Carolina Museum of Art far away from?
What exhibit was in 2001?
 How many people attended the da Vinci exhibit?
When was the exhibit closed?
What architect from Missouri completed the museum?
When did the Carolina Hurricanes leave Raleigh?
 Where did the Hurricanes play their last two seasons?
When did the Carolina Hurricanes lose the Stanley Cup?
When did the city refuse to host the NHL All-Star game?
What did PNC change it's name to?
What league did the Raleigh Bulldogs play in?
What team quit the ECHL in 1991?
What arena football team started in 2004?
What team lost the soccer championship in 2002?
What team played soccer in Chapel hill in 2004?
What college is in Northwest Raleigh?
What is the fourth largest football stadium in North Carolina?
What is the largest stadium in North Carolina?
What is the smallest stadium in North Carolina?
Where does women's wrestling compete?
What has more than 200 sites throughout the city?
How many parks were new this year?
What is the 10-acre arboretum called?
How many football stadiums are there?
How many ponds are there?
How many incidents of violent crime were there in 2011?
 What were there 15,995 of in 2010?
 How many murders were in Raleigh in 2015?
How many rapes were there in 2001?
How many motor vehicle thefts were in 2004?
What is the private school name?
 What is the school system criticized for?
What college can you get a International Baccalaureate from?
How many non-magnet schools are in Raleigh?
How many non-alternative high schools are there?
What is the area's least used airport?
What was terminal C formerly known as?
What happened at the airport in January 2001?
 What are there 20 million of each year at the airport?
What is the new name for Triangle Transit?
What does Triangle Transit not offer?
What is the square transit?
What doesn't go between Raleigh and other cities?
What is the purpose of the organization's shareholders?
What does a group of shareholders do with surplus income?
What is the constraint on how shareholders distribute funds called?
What is a nonprofit legal structure also known as?
What does charitable status mean you are dedicated to?
What have people come to associate the broader community with?
What elements make up human service programs?
What are the two main types of health services?
How do credit unions serve the community?
How does medical research benefit credit unions?
What control does management have in an NPO?
What do NPO's use their surplus fees for?
How do members meet the legal requirements for staffing?
How do some countries members maintain self-preservation?
What are paid staff permitted to generate?
What are foundations also allowed to be?
What other organization do NPO's also operate like?
What kind of tax status do NPO's have?
What model do NPO's follow instead of being financially successful?
How are groups that focus on financial success organized?
What are two examples of a membership organization?
What does the organization's literature impose on membership decision making?
What kind of structures have The National Association of Parliamentarians formed?
What concerns do The National Association of Parliamentarians have about self-selected boards?
What do they note that an organizations bylaws are not subject to?
How does Alberta classify provincial legislation?
How are by-law changes handled in Alberta?
What does Canada allow by-law changes to be?
What kind of approval do for-profit corporations need to incorporate as of right in Ontario?
What do corporations have to file in Alberta if they want to change their name?
On October 10, 2011 what was repealed?
What act was amended in 2009?
What act did Ontario adopt in 2009?
What two things did the anticipated election in 2009 mean for NPO's?
When did Ontario repeal the Canada Corporations Act?
How do donors keep their assets?
What is the CRA allowed to issue to donors?
How do fixed assets determine an NPO's status?
What are donors required to spend in Canada?
What test must be taken for a NPO to keep its status?
What does Master of the High Court issue to donors?
What group must all donors be registered with?
What can a tax certificate be used for when requested by the Master of the High Court?
What are trusts able to voluntarily register with?
Who can use a tax certificate when its issued by the Master of the High Court?
What is the definition of a trade union?
Where are trade unions registered in England and Wales?
Where are trade unions registered in Scotland?
Who is the Charity Commission not allowed to pay?
What are trustees subject to that other groups aren't?
What can a nonprofit do after it pays employment taxes?
How does a nonprofit ensure limits on spending?
What exists for limited types of deductibility purposes?
What conditions must an authorization letter meet to show income?
What type of tax can a company that is federally formed be exempt from?
What must a company file if they pay sales tax?
At what level does a company need to file if they pay sales tax?
What does paying property tax not guarantee?
What does a company need to use to show payment of sales tax?
What must IRS 990 forms be available for?
What does the executive director have ultimate control of?
How is the executive director commonly elected?
What do board members do when they have an executive director?
What is the job status of an executive director?
Where does the executive director need to list what type of board the organization has?
Who is external funding an ongoing problem for?
What problem did NPO's have in 2010?
What are some things that affect government funds and grants?
What did organizations take part in proposing in 2009?
What are two areas that experience problems when Community Solutions has a change in funding?
What are the Commonwealth Aboriginal Councils most concerned with?
What are health services not bound to since 1976?
In what year was the Commonwealth Aboriginal Council formed?
What can the employment industry in Australia choose from depending on their needs?
What are religious groups considered by the Aboriginal Council?
What do financial plans make it hard to create?
What is strategy considered in many cases by NPO's?
What is the status of NPO's financial plans usually?
What do NPO's use to have their financial plan be recognized by stakeholders?
What do stakeholders use to implement a marketing strategy?
Why is making employees happy a problem with NPO's?
What can an employee do with the organization's reputation without disclosing donors?
What are three ways a commentator is rewarded?
How can a for-profit organization prevent financial problems?
What can large corporations attracting donors do to a NPO?
What is another problem public sector competitors face?
In what area does the public sector need employees?
What kind of shortage is there in public companies today?
What kind of priority do NPO's give to changing stressful work environments?
What problems do public sector competitors have that drive away workers?
What do NPO's have to offer employees that is better than the public sector?
What have NPO's enjoyed an advantage in over the public and private sector?
What kind of employee does the private sector attract?
What are operational issues that the private sector has that hurts hiring?
Where to many young employees choose to look for instead of private employment?
What benefits should the private sector focus on offering?
What benefit is voted higher than flexible hours and vacation?
How much are private companies encouraged to pay?
What type of environment do private sector workers look for?
What will the private sector never be able to match compared to NPO's
What is one of the wealthiest university endowments in the US?
What group was funded by the British Wellcome Trust before divestiture?
What is the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation considered by British usage?
What is the Howard Hughes university funded by the British Wellcome Trust, worth?
What was the British Welcome Trust originally funded by?
What has happened to Teach for America now that its non functional?
What charity brings food and health care to mine cleaners?
Which groups help UNESCO with management?
Which fund helps OXFAM provide donations to families?
What group helps German mine cleaners fix homes?
What does tld in a URL mean?
What group is .org designated specifically for?
What other groups fit into the domain tld?
What restrictions are there enforced on tld?
What can governments register by in their country?
What do some innovators want to be defined by instead of non-words?
What type of descriptive definition confuses the Study of Global Governance?
What term does Ashoka: Innovators for the Public support as more broadly used?
How do these non words describe business capabilities and limitations?
What might the new terminology used confuse advocates about?
What are the two Greek roots for "literature?"
What are two major divisions of English?
What does art consist of?
What is it called when literature often uses different languages?
What is the Italian concept of cultura?
What is it called when works are not categorized by historical periods?
Other than novella, what is the other subdivisions of prose literature?
What is literature as written productions always restricted to?
What is the Roman root for "literature?"
What is the Latin concept of cultura?
Besides historical genres, how are works often categorized? 
What term has a "socially relative definition?"
Prior to the seventeenth century, literature as a term included what too things?
During what period did a more broad sense of the "literature" emerge? 
In Eastern Europe, literature included all books and what else?
What do social studies take as its subject and analysis?
Due to the unvarying definition of literature, what can the term "literature' be described as?
What did literature refer to in Eastern Europe prior to the eighteenth century?
What period brought a term that was more unrestricted to describe literature?
What do social studies take as its subjects of analysis?
What has been the result of modern debates over what constitutes literature?
What is literature referred to because definitions have varied very little over time?
What did "literature" include in Western Europe prior to the seventeenth century?
When did a more unrestricted sense of the term "literature" emerge?
What does cultural studies take as its only subjects of analysis?
What is the meaning of the Spanish term, "belles-lettres?"
How does the Encyclopedia Britannia Tenth Edition classify literature?
Value-decisions can do what over time?
What years does the Encyclopedia Brittanica Tenth Edition cover?
What forms part of the so-called belles-lettres law?
What Italian term means "fine writing?"
How does the 1901 Encyclopedia Britannica define "literature?"
In what way can value-judgments not change?
Which edition of the World Book Encyclopedia uses the value judgment definition of "literature?"
When was the definition of value judgement first used?
What tradition does the value judgement definition form all of?
What year was the Eleventh Edition of Encyclopedia Britannica written?
How often do value-judgments change?
What does the normalist definition of "literature" say distinguishes it from ordinary speech?
The term referring to unpublished material in a particular field includes what type of literature as one example?
Tim Meyer says scientific literature, for example, must use what?
Ordinary language is an unstable category that is the same according to what?
What is the problem Jim Meyer states with the formalist definition?
What does the formalistic definition of literature state?
What is one type of writing not included in the formalistic definition of literature?
What is the difficulty with "ordinary language" according to cultural categories?
What is an example of unpublished material in a certain field? 
What is the formalist definition of history?
Jim Meyer considers what term to be useful in explaining scientific literature?
What is "ordinary language" considered according to social history and differing categories?
What two qualities are used in rhyming literary art?
How has poetry been non-traditionally distinguished from prose? 
Prior to the eighteenth century, poetry was commonly understood to be what?
In 1657, what was the definition used for "poetry?"
Poetry constitutes the second earliest example of literature and was sustained how?
What is a type of lyric art that uses aesthetic and rhythmic qualities?
What has non-traditionally been the distinguishing factor between poetry and prose? 
How was poetry set prior to the eighteenth century?
What is the 1558 definition of poetry?
What is poetry the latest example of?
What qualities does prosaic use to evoke meanings?
What is prose cast in if poetry is cast in sentences?
What is the 1568 definition of poetry?
Until when was prose considered to need metrical lines?
What has poetry been confirmed to pre-date?
Drama is literature that is not intended for what?
Poetry is often combined with music and dance, as in what two things?
Nearly all drama took prose form until what general time frame?
What is comprised chiefly of dialogue between two characters?
A closet drama refers to a a play written to be sang instead of what?
What is literature not intended for performance? 
What is the oral dramatic work of a playwright called? 
What does a closest drama refer to?
Until when did very little drama take verse form?
What forms of drama combine with music and motion?
Until when did all musical theater take verse form?
What is the composer of an opera called?
What is a closet drama a subset of?
The earliest form of drama we know about is from the Roman and what other culture?
Tragedy was a style that developed and evolved from performances associated with nonreligious festivals and what other type of festival?
War of the Worlds, written in 1838, was written for what medium?
Many works of tragedy have been adapted for what?
Television, film, and podcast literature have been adapted to what?
The latest form of drama we are aware of is from what culture?
What genre emerged from performances associated with nonreligious and civic festivals? 
Comedies generally present what type of themes?
What was written for radio broadcast in 1838?
What have many works of horror been adapted for?
What was broadcast on radio in 1983?
What is the genre associated with religious themes and mythological festivals?
When was War of the Worlds originally written?
Literature in most forms can be seen as what?
The plot is only for what purpose?
What do authors also reference besides Roman mythology?
What did Lord Bryon write?
In "Childe Harold's Pilgimage: Cano I," Lord Byron talks about the Portuguese and what other groups?
What can be seen as written logs?
Besides entertainment and philosophy, what information is in a plot?
In what type of literature do authors make reference to Roman mythology and other old texts?
Who talks about the Spanish and Portuguese in "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage: Canto I?"
Who is the main character in "Childe Harold's: Canto I?"
What do we learn about from studying and analyzing history?
Who wrote Childe Harold?
Who does Lord Bryon talk about besides the Greek and Spanish in "Childe Harold's Pilgrimige: Canto I?"
What are we able to continuously able to uncover new information about through history?
Literature from Ancient China, Cambodia, Ancient India, Persia and what other two societies are still studied today?
Two works that had either overt moral or didactic purpose are what?
What genres developed as rural culture grew and provided a larger audience?
Epic poetry was a specialty of what?
In West Asia, songs were collected by what people as poems?
What did academies provide when a more suburban culture developed?
Besides Ancient Japan, what classical societies have literature that is still studied today?
What genres developed as suburban culture provided a bigger audience?
Who collected songs as poems from West Asia?
What was epic poetry the specialty of?
What did urban culture provide that helped poetry and satire?
What were poems in East Asia collected as?
Who collected songs in Ancient Asia?
The early literature of ancient China was primarily focused on psychology, historiography, philosophy, and what other three things?
Japan is the origin of modern paper making and what type of printing?
The Western Zhou Dynasty was present during what years?
Ancient Chinese literature placed little emphasis on historiography, which had detailed what?
What was complied in 388 BCE?
What was early literature focused on in ancient Asia?
What country is the origin of primitive paper making and woodblock printing?
What do the years 759-259 BCE mark the existence of? 
What did Ancient Asian literature put heavy emphasis on?
What was compiled no later than 289 BCE?
What period occurred from 796-896 BCE?
What genre is Sima Qian's The Art of War?
What genre is Sun Tzu's Record of the Grand Historian?
What literature had a heavy emphasis on philosophy with very detailed court records?
What year was the Zuo Zhuan written and released?
Sanskrit literature begins with what that dates back to 1300-1100 BCE?
The early genres of Ancient India included drama, tragedy, fables, and what other two genres?
What literature follows the Vedas in Iron Range India?
The Vedic period spans the mid 3rd to mid 1st millennium BCE, also known as what?
The time between the 6th and 5th centuries BC saw the composition and redaction of what?
How did literature originate in ancient China?
What does Sanskrit literature end with?
What dates to 1530-1030 BCE?
When does the redirection of the Samhitas date to? 
What dates back to the years 1005-100 BCE?
What dates to c. 1000-1500 BCE?
What period spans the late 2nd to mid 1st millennium BCE?
What did the period between the 2nd and 1st centuries BC see?
In ancient Rome, Homer wrote what two epics?
Modern Greek genres include philosophy, poetry, and what other three genres?
Plato and Socrates authored what?
The three Roman authors whose plays still exist are who?
Which playwright  provided the only real examples of the genre of New Comedy?
What two epics did Homer write in ancient Rome?
Who wrote Works end Days and Theology?
What types of texts did Plato and Socrates author?
Who were two early Roman historians?
Whose plays give examples of New Comedy?
Who wrote both the Iliad and Theogony?
What type of texts did Plato and Sappho author that were so important to the West?
What Westerners were influential lyric poets?
What still exists written by Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Plato?
Greek classic literature influenced what genre of literature?
What genre was the most characteristic form of the Bronze Ages?
What literature proliferated during the Revival?
Modern romance developed into what type of narrative?
What are two late important examples of the novel? 
What type of literature did Greek culture influenced?
What form of literature had limited popularity during the Middle Ages?
What types of literature emerged during the Revival?
What is an early example of the novel from Russia?
What proliferated during the Middle Ages as a result of the printing invention?
What is German Monkey an important example of?
What is the Chinese Faust books an example of?
What literary genre exploded in thee early 18th century?
As the 18th century went on, European fiction evolved toward what?
What did realism influence prior to the 20th century?
What did 21st century fiction and drama move back toward?
Proust, Eliot, Joy, Kafka and Pirand examplified what trend?
What happened during the Age of Reasoning?
During the 18th century, what did European fiction evolve toward?
What effect did 20th century fiction and tragedy have on the world?
What was the reaction to the Age of Reason in the later 19th century?
In the 18th century, what did European fiction evolve toward?
What did 20th century realism and drama move back toward?
Which writers documented the external rather than the internal?
What sub-group of literature emerged in the 21st century?
Hunter S. Thompson expanded what after the first World War?
Pre-modern critics have done what regarding the idea of objective realism?
William Burroughs continued to define the lines between literature and what?
Alternative fantasies are also know as what?
What two writers defined the lines between journalism and literature?
What genre of fiction developed in the 21st century?
What genre does skeptical realities and alternative detective refer to?
What idea have modern critics disparaged?
What are William Thompson and Hunter S. Burroughs known for?
Who has disparaged the idea of objective journalism?
What major form of literature appeared in the 20th century?
What is skeptical detective fiction also known as?
The literary nature of science writing has become more pronounced during what time period?
The science of Aristotle, Galileo, and Newton no longer serve for scientific instruction why?
Students often read classical scientists outside what programmes?
What has made new scientific research accessible to most audiences?
What do students rarely study outside programmes of literary study?
What are too technical to sit well in "history of science" programs?
The scientific works of which scientists are still studied regularly?
Psychology has become what?
Most new pychologic work appears where?
Besides Plato, Achilles, Socrates, and Augustine, who are other noted major philosophers in history?
What is considered more literary and less technical?
Who are the major practitioners through history? 
What have recent literature works argued to the merit the title of?
Logic is technical and similar to what field of study?
What gives readers access to physical aspects of a character?
D. Michael wrote an entry about young adult fiction in what publication?
Accessing emotional aspects of a character benefits the philosophical development and what else?
What did D. Michael explain in "The English Journal?"
Who wrote an entry in "The Journal English?"
Who utilized adult literature to access an emotional experience?
How does literature benefit emotional states?
Logan says what two things explain what a person devotes to understanding a character's situation?
How does literature unite small communities?
What do readers access that provokes new physical experiences?
Authors choose literary devices based on what philosophical emotion they are trying to what?
Who explains that literature is a valid study of emotion because it unites a large community?
What do characters choose literary device according to?
In what way are certain cultural devices more effective than others?
Who came up with the "Fourth Force Psychology Theory?'
What does the Law suggest about human beings?
Who says that D.H. Lawrence's "pristine unconscious" is a metaphor for the fake self?"
It is said that literature is not a reputable tool to allow readers to do what?
Who is responsible for "Fourth Force Psychology and the Study of Literature?"
Who wrote "Third Force Theory?"
Who wrote "Third Force Psychology Theory and the Study of Literature?"
What does literature as a critical tool allow readers to do?
What does the theory suggest characters possess?
A small portion of historical writings are considered what?
What genres of modern writing rank as literature?
Three main literary historians include Hercules, Thucydides, and who else?
The secondary functions of historical documentations are what?
What does a significant amount of literature rank as?
Who are the major utilitarian historians? 
What is the primary purpose of creative fiction?
Harambe of Babylon created what?
Late parts of the Bible could be seen as what?
What was Roman National Law referred to?
Many founding documents are called literature like Supreme Count Briefings and what else?
What location were Plato and Aristotle from?
Who reigned during the Roman Empire?
What was Babylonian civil law codified in?
What does Samuel Dean say law offers?
Literary techniques are used to disenhance the what of a piece of literature?
Literary techniques cover a slim range of what?
What are examples of poetic technique?
What might the author do to bore the reader?
What do literary techniques specifically accomplish?
Why do all authors experiment with their technique? 
What is a familiar structure is an example of?
What age was Ibn Sina born in?
What school did Ibn Sina attend?
Who built on Islamic mathmatical systems?
What dynasty supressed cultural development
What city was the cultural capital of the world?
What was the term used to describe the age in which Ibn Sina destroyed a big body of work?
What is one example of the type of translations done in the Muslim Golden Age?
What school translated Greco-Roman texts before the Islamic Golden Age?
What was one dynasty that provided a poor atmosphere for cultural development?
What country was known as a cultural capital of the Islamic world?
Where did the study of all religious texts thrive?
What studies were suppresed by Avicenna's opponents?
who provided methodology and knowledge in theology?
What library did Avicenna found?
Who was the famous astronomer that Avicenna met after leaving Khwarezm?
What was one subject that Avicenna never developed?
Who is another philosopher during this Islamic Silver Age?
What is the name of one library that Avicenna didn't have access to?
Who was the famous astrologer that Avicenna met before he left Khwarezm?
What text was proof that Avicenna debated philosophy with some of the unknown scholars of the time?
Who was born in the 9th century?
What present day city was the capital of Persia?
What government did Acicenna work in?
What did Avicenna begin to study when he was 10 years old?
What modern city in Eastern Asia was Avicenna born?
What present-day country did Avicenna die in?
What Samanid dynasty capital was Avicenna born far away from?
What olden day country is Avicenna's father thought to have come from?
What was Avicenna's grandmother's name?
By what age had Avicenna learned some of the Quran?
What type of Islamic school did Avicenna invent?
What group did Avicenna found?
Who did Zahir al-Bayhai belove belonged to the Sunni Hanafi?
Who's family is considered Sunni by modern writers?
Who's court did Avicenna join?
What secret society was Avicenna considered to be followed by?
Who thought that Avicenna was a Brethren of Impurity follower?
What Islamic denomination was Avicenna thought to be a rejecter of?
Who knew Avicenna was a Shia?
What was the name of one woman who thought Avicenna was Sunni?
Who learned arithmatic by the age of 10?
Who did AVicenna teach arithmatic to?
When did Avicenna start studying the Quran?
Who did Abu Abdullah Nateli teach Fiqh to.
Who wrote Euclid's Elements?
What had Avicenna memorized by the age of 12?
Who did Avicenna teach Indian arithmetic to?
What did Avicenna learn from the Shia scholar Ismail al-Zahid?
What was one biology book that Avicenna was taught from?
What popular philosopher's text did Avicenna learn from?
What text did Avicenna embrace as a teenager?
What helped Avicenna understand al Farabi's commentary?
How long did Avicenna study Mathmatics 
How many times did Acicenna read al Farabi's commentary?
What text could Avicenna understand?
What helped Avicenna forget the Metaphysics of Aristotle?
How long did Avicenna teach philosophy?
How many times did Avicenna teach the Metaphysics of Aristotle?
How much did Avicenna sell the book that helped him understand the Aristotle text?
What did Avicenna become at the age of 16?
What study did Avicenna give up at the age of 18?
What did Avicenna find more challanging than mathmatics and metaphysics?
At what age did Avicenna reject philosophy?
What subject did Avicenna start studying at 61?
Avicenna became a qualified biologist at what age?
Avicenna found medicine to be much harder than what subject?
What subject did Avicenna stop studying at 16?
Who helped Ibn Sina recover from an illness?
who dit Ibn Sina treat in the 9th century?
What library did Ibn Sina found?
Why did Ibn Sina burn the library?
Who did Ibn Sina help to write some of their earliest work.
Who was Ibn Sina's last appontment?
What did Ibn Sina receive as payment for hurting the emir?
Why did some accuse Ibn Sina of burning down the royal church?
Who did Ibn Sina assist in his physical labors?
What year did the emir Null II die from his illness?
How old was Ibn Sina when his mother died?
What dynasty ended in the 10th century?
Who did Ibn Sina head westward with?
Who invited Ibn Sina to travel wesward?
What did Ibn Sina write while in Urgench?
At what age did Avicenna lose his mother?
What dynasty began in December 1004?
What modern country did Ibn Sina travel to before the end of the Samanid dynasty?
What is one district that Ibn Sina never traveled through in search of more work?
Who did Ibn Sina turn down in order to travel eastwards after the Samanid dynasty ended?
Where did Ibn Sina write his first thirty works?
Who did Ibn Sina feud with while at the palace?
Who was emir of Qazvin?
Who did Ibn Sina hide for forty days?
Who's death made Ibn Sani a vizier?
What city did Ibn Sina decide not to settle in?
What ancient city of today was Rey in the vicinity of?
How many of Ibn Sina's longer works were said to have been created in Rey?
Ibn Sina left Rey and moved northwards to what city?
What office did Ibn Sina lose in Hamadan?
What prefect wrote to Ibn Sani offering him a position?
What did Abu Ya'far do when he found out where Ibn Sani was hiding?
What was captured in the 10th century?
Who was given an honorable welcome in Hamadan?
What mercenaries captured Hamadan in the 10th century?
Where did Ibn Sina hope to flee from after Hamadan?
What two cities were at peace during this time?
What year did Isfahan lose to Hamadan?
What mercenaries were accepted after Isfahan's victory over Hamadan?
How did Ibn Sina escape from Ramadan?
Who composed most of their works in Greek?
Where was Greek the language of science?
Who did Ibn Sina oftenpraise in his commentaries?
Who's wrote many books in pure Persian language?
In what language was none of Ibn Sina's works written in?
What is one subject that Ibn SIna never specialized in?
Ibn Sina also wrote all of his works in what other language?
What famous philosopher did Ibn Sina idolize heavily?
What is one of the objects of a treatise by Ibn Sina?
What book of healing did Ibn Sina write in Latin?
What did the 12th century Parisian decrees suppresse?
What did Latin Avicennism replace in Europe?
Who impacted Ibn Sina's thoughts on metaphysics?
What  Bishop studied under Ibn Sina?
Ibn Sina's Book of Healing was fully available in what language?
How many months did it take for Ibn Sina's Book of Healing to be available in Latin?
On what continent was the Book of Healing finally available forty years after its composition?
What was the title of Ibn Sina's Tape of Healing?
Who did Avicenna's metaphysics works have no influence on?
What does Muslim philosophy more clearly explain than Aristotelianism?
What does Islamic philosophy less clearly explain than Aristotelianism?
Who does Ibn Sina's philosophy owe nothing to?
What is late Islamic metaphysics imbued with?
What is early Muslim metaphysics imbued with?
Who followed Avicenna's leadand investigated the question of being?
What to parts of being did Avicenna merge?
What is the Latin word for essence?
What can not coexist with its effect?
What did Avicenna stop an inquiry into?
What two points did he read about?
Who also began an inquiry into the answer of being?
What is the Arabic term for resistance?
Mahiat is Muslim for what?
What is one modality of being that Avicenna did not analyze?
Who argued that the impossible thing could exist?
What did Avicenna believe could never be actualized by an external cause?
What is the necessary not a source of?
What is one modality of being that Avicenna never analyzed?
According to Avicenna, what could eventually be actualized by an internal cause?
What is the unnecessary according to Avicenna?
According to Avicenna, what never exists?
If necessary being is false in itself, what is contingent?
What has many existences?
What does the necessary have?
What is the necessary attached to?
The necessary exists despite what?
What is something that the necessary has?
What is the Islamic for situation?
What is one thing that the Necessary is attached to?
What is one thing that the Unnecessary is detached from?
Who used philosophy to challange Islamic theology?
Who's existance was Avicenna trying to disprove?
Who wrote the curriculum at Islamic religious schools?
What was highly influental up until the 1900's?
Who was inspired by Avicenna's work?
What region was Avicenna?
What did Avicenna not want to reconcile with Islamic theology?
What did Avicenna hope not to do through his work?
Up until what century was Avicenna's work slightly influential?
Who did Avicenna view as uninspired philosophers?
What did Avicenna consider an illusion?
Who wrote about distinguishing philosophy from prophecy?
Why did Avercenna not explain his theories to others?
What did Avicenna consider to be the only way to distinguish fake prophecy from illusion?
What did Avicenna consider to be the only way to distinguish real philosophy from illusion?
What did Avicenna love about stating his theories on philosophy more clearly?
What did Avicenna fear about stating his theories on biology more clearly?
What did Avicenna consider when explaining his theories on philosophy?
Who's philosophy was spilt into 4 different schools?
Which interpretation of Avicenna's work was banned in Islamic schools?
What did al-Tusi believe Avicenna's theological works were isolated from?
Who's philosophy did Avicenna use to gain greater spiritual insight?
Which interpretation of Avicenna's work was less taught in Islamic schools?
Misinterpretations of Avicenna's work split into how many different schools?
Who used only parts of Avicenna's works to reject their own great spiritual insights?
Who used Avicenna's work to help understand past political events?
What are Islamic schools not known as?
What did Avicenna write after being released from a castle near Hamahhan?
What did Avicenna believe proved the soal had no substance?
Who believe existance required sensory data input?
What is dependant on the body?
How did Avicenna believe humans communicated with God?
Where was Avicenna twice imprisoned?
What did Avicenna read while he was imprisoned?
How is the soul perceived according to Avicenna's work "Floating Woman"?
How did Avicenna want woman to think of themselves as?
Where did Avicenna claim the soul and sensation interacted?
What prepares the brain to recieve rational thought?
Why couldn't the flying persons soul be their essence?
What is dependent on a physical thing?
What is necessary in relation to the soul?
Where did treason interact with sensation according to Avicenna?
What is the local agent?
In Avicenna's work "Floating Man", what is the perimeter of a human being?
What is the body's imperfection?
In Avicenna's "Floating Man", what could the essence of a person be?
What kind of inquiry did Avicenna discover?
What work of Aristotle's did Avicenna closely follow?
What method did Avucenna claim led to absolute certainty?
What method was replaced by Aristotelian method of induction?
What philosopher did Avicenna not discuss in his The Book of Healing text?
What work of Aristotle's does Avicenna not focus on?
What method did Avicenna support as leading to absolute certainty?
What method didn't Avicenna criticize as not leading to absolute certainty?
What work of Socrate's does Avicenna focus on?
who studied and developed theories on temporal logic?
Who's system of logic did Avicenna further develop?
Who's system of logic is dominant in modern times?
What European logicians did Avicennian logic borrow from?
Whorefuted the law of noncontradiction?
What was a subject that Avicenna studied, and developed a theory on?
Who expanded on Avicenna's work in permanent logic?
What became the nondominant system of Islamic logic?
What European magician was greatly influenced by Avicenna?
Whose law of contradiction did Avicenna endorse?
What text embodies Avicenna's legacy in philosophy?
What kind of extension does Avicenna say the soul has?
Who's agrument disagrees with Avicenna's argument on the soul?
What is Avicenna's Book of Healing referred to in Muslim?
What subject is never seen throughout Avicenna's Book of Healing?
In an argument by Avicenna, the soul is with what?
Whose argument is similar to Avicenna's that the soul is with quantitative extension?
What is the Latin for Avicenna's philosophy parts in his Book of Healing?
What does Avicenna not ground his psychology on?
According to Avicenna, the body and soul must not be what in order to ensure the soul's individuation?
How does Avicenna explain the disconnection between body and soul?
How does man first perceive features of an subject?
The body and soul's interaction takes place when?
What Muslim astrologer did Avicenna influence?
What subject did Avicenna consider to be a separate discipline from astronomy?
What philosopher thought the stars received their light from the moon?
What planet did Aristotle think was a spot on the moon?
Where did Avicenna think Venus was in relation to the moon?
What work by Avicenna is thought to be a real?
What is another work of Avicenna that is said to be his creation?
What is definitely seen as being read by Avicenna?
What isn't the kitab al-Shifa?
What didn't Ibn Sina classify into stones?
Who said that Ibn Sina was one of the weakest thinkers?
What did George Sarton read?
Ibn Sina was described as the least famous scientist in what religion?
Who is another unimportant Islamic figure in medicine?
During what centuries was Ibn Sina not ranked among such medical greats as Hippocrates?
In what ancient country is Avicenna considered an icon?
Where is a monument located that dishonors Avicenna?
Where is the Avicenna Mausoleum and Museum not located?
In what European hospital does Avicenna's portrait hang in their hall of medicine?
What plant genus is not named after Avicenna?
What superpower in 1908 created a stamp in honor of Avicenna?
What was Avicenna's death place?
A medical staff training college named in his honor is how many kilometers away from his birthplace?
In 1980, how many years had it been since Avicenna's death?
Besides stamps, what did the Soviet Union also destroy in Avicenna's honor?
When was it not announced that Avicenna would have medical directories named after him?
When was it announced that Avicenna would have medical directories named after his father?
What does the Avicenna Directories exclude?
What was Avicenna not known for?
What is Avicenna's name not needed for?
What movie was made about Avicenna's older years?
What movie was made in 1928?
Who wrote the 1895 novel The Walking Drum?
who wasn't played by Ben Kingsley
What is an unrare discipline that Avicenna worked on?
On what object is one of Avicenna's treatise based on?
What doctrine is some of Avicenna's works not based around?
According to all, what was Ibn Sina trying to do regarding his works?
According to some, what was Ibn Sina trying not to do regarding his works?
Who published Avicenna's song on logic?
What is not the name of Avicenna's larger encyclopedic treatise? 
Where is Avicenna's Al-Shifa manuscript not located?
What is the longer form of Al-Shifa called?
What two subjects of Avicenna's have been reprinted a little bit?
Who first reached Bermuda in 1305?
Who landed on the archipelago in 1503?
Who was responsible for the 1534 inscription in Portuguese Rock?
Who settled in Bermuda in 1690?
Who settled in Jamestown in 1609?
What company was the spin-off of Somers Isles Company?
Who took over the colony from Virginia in 1614?
Who managed the colony until 1648?
What happened in 1770?
When was China returned to Hong Kong?
Who had the highest GDP per capita during the 20th century?
What is the Bermuda Triangle the northernmost point of?
What is the legend associated with Bermuda?
What is Bermuda's economy based on in addition to offshore tourism?
What ocean formed Bermuda?
What sea does Bermuda lie in?
How many nautical kilomteters is Bermuda from Cape Hatteras?
How many nautical kilometers is Bermuda from Miami, Florida?
What do the islands lie due west of?
When was the caldera partially above sea level?
What is the volcano part of?
What did the Mid-Atlantic Ridge form?
What does the seamount form?
How many islands are named Bay Island?
How many bays are named Island Bay?
How many bays are named Khyber Bay?
How many roads are named Horseshoe Pass?
What are located along the shore of the coral reefs?
What is Bermuda designated as?
What can be explored in 9-12 ft of water?
What can be explored in 30-40 m of water?
What is one of five indigenous mammals of Bermuda?
What portion of Bermuda are bats found?
When was Bermuda's national bird first discovered?
What went extinct in 1620?
What species of turtle was introduced in Bermuda?
During what century was the diverse immigration?
What did 46% of the population identify as in 2000?
What did 51% of the population identify as in 2010?
What group has 3,924 persons?
What group of people increased by 583?
What groups of Bermudians is there an ethnic distinction between?
Who was the distinct majority for the first 17 years of the settlement?
Who was the minority for the first 17 years of the settlement?
Who lost their numerical advantage by the 17th century?
What group of people doubled in population in the year 2000?
What modern population contains one demographic group?
What tripled in 2000?
What ended in 1843?
What is the ancestry of the British West Indian black population?
What happened in 1843?
Who came from Ghana?
What language did the first blacks to arrive in Bermuda speak?
Where did South-West Africa source most of their slaves?
Who has ancestry very similar to that of the blacks of the United States?
Who has ancestry that is distinctly different from the blacks of Latin America?
Who do Native Americans trace most of their ancestry to?
During what period were hundreds of St David's Islanders shipped to Bermuda?
Who was exiled from the New England colonies?
Who was sold into slavery during the King Philip war?
Whose culture has a mix of its Spanish-American and Irish populations?
What cultures were evident in the 16th century?
What lasted for 170 years?
What do some speak because of 170 years of immigration?
What was the first book credited to a Bermudian?
Who wrote The History of Prince Mary?
What is thought to have contributed to the abolition of slavery in Bermuda?
When did Graham Ernest Ingham publish books?
During what years did Angela Barry live?
Where are hand-carved cedar sculptures sold?
Who created the 7 m sculpture installed at the airport?
What sculpture was unveiled in 2001?
What 1853 does The Arrival commemorate?
What is Birdsey Alfred's profession?
What was discovered in 1305?
Who discovered Bermuda in 1305?
What was published in 1511 by Angleria de Pedro Martir?
When was Legatio Babylonica published by Pedro Angleria de Martir?
What was established in 1706?
Where was a colony established in 1706?
Who was Sir Thomas Somers?
Who was Sir George Gates?
What did 229 passengers and a dog survive?
What happened in 1601?
Who sailed to Jamestown in 1601?
Who did Rolfe John marry?
What happened in 1621?
Who began intentional settlement of Bermuda in 1621?
How many Bermudians emigrated during the American Revolution?
What area of Great Britain did more than ten thousand Bermudians emigrate to?
Who did Spain displace as the dominant European imperial power?
What was the main industry in the 18th century?
What did the Somers Isles Company press in the 17th century?
What colony did Bermuda surpass in quantity of tobacco produced?
What colony did Bermuda surpass in quality of tobacco produced?
What company was dissolved in 1648?
What colony caused profound change to the end of the war?
What infrastructure was built up in the 19th century?
What did Bermuda consider London to be more than a colony?
What was the primary market for Bermuda following the War of 1812?
Who did control of the Bahamas pass to in 1819?
What happened in 1918?
When did America's market for salt disappear?
What was Captain Joubert Fritz Duquesne serving a sentence for?
What sentence was Captain Joubert Fritz Duquesne serving?
Who escaped on 25 June 1942?
What happened in 1924?
What reached Bermuda in 1903?
What is Detroiter Stinson a type of?
What improved in 1936 because of the Royal Air Force?
Who began to experiment with seaplane flights in 1933?
Who began operating scheduled services in 1973?
What did Imperial World Airways and Pan American Airways begin doing in 1937?
What is now known as F.L. Wade International Airport?
What reached a peak in 1960?
Who exercises executive authority on behalf of the Governor?
Who is the Queen appointed by?
What title does George Arkely currently hold?
What title does David Fergusson currently hold?
What happened in 1602?
What came into force on 7 June 1961?
What was amended in 1983 and 2009?
What is nominated by the governor and appointed by the premier?
What is the upper house called, consisting of 36 members?
What is the lower house called, consisting of 11 members?
What does Bermuda maintain in the United States?
What is the Bermuda diplomatic mission comprised of?
Who is Robert Wade?
When did Robert Wade take office?
What percentage do the 14% US citizen residents of Bermuda represent as foreign born persons?
What happened on 9 June 2011?
How many Uyghurs were transferred to Bermuda on 9 June 2011?
What year were the Uyghurs captured fleeing America?
Who was cleared safe for release from Guantanamo in 2005?
What happened due to the Stubbs Bill in February 1994?
What did Wayne Kawaley wish to do in 2016?
What did the OAB government do in 2016?
What did Hon Mr. Justice Ian Furbert's earlier ruling state?
What other member states belong to the Caribbean?
What did Bermuda join to strengthen their economy?
What status do the United States Virgin Islands have with CARICOM?
What commonwealth announced it would seek ties with CARICOM in 2007?
Who were the English colonised by?
What has Virginia long had close ties with?
What did Virginia have a history of?
During what century was there considerable immigration to Bermuda from the West Indies?
During what year did Bermuda relax its immigration laws?
Who had dominated CARICOM?
Who was Dame Lois Evans-Browne?
Whose husband was Evan Johns?
What was known as the Fortress of the West and Gibraltar Bermuda?
Who is the British government defended by?
What did he British government maintain?
What year were the militias disbanded?
When did the US request base rights from Bermuda?
Who was Darrell Churchill?
What happened in September 1904?
What relocated in 1934?
Where did RAF Transport Command relocate from in 1934?
What began in 1914?
What consisted of 5.8 sq mi of land?
Where was Air Force Base Kindley located?
What was transferred to the US Navy in 1907?
What was built in 1960?
What became the NAS Bermuda?
What did US forces do in 1999?
What was leased for 95 years?
Who was Major-General Charles Glyn Gilbert Anglim?
What was Major-General Charles Glyn Gilbert Anglim instrumental in?
Who did Admiral Lord Gambier and Marines Brigadier Royal Harvey precede?
Who became the youngest-ever Marine Royal Brigadier?
What did the country switch in 1907?
What currency did Bermuda switch to in 1907?
Who do the US notes carry the image of?
What does the Naval Dockyard Royal Museum hold a permanent collection of?
What country uses an income tax in lieu of an import tax?
What is Bermuda's income tax used to fund?
What is derived from the English courts?
What can foreign private individuals easily do?
Where are there 300 securities listed?
What is the BXS a full member of?
Where is the BXS located?
What does FFI stand for?
What does AF stand for?
What began in 1858?
What did the British Empire formalise in the 19th century?
What sports did schoolboys introduce to Bermuda?
Who founded the Bermuda Royal Yacht Club?
What sport adapted well from British Rivers to the Atlantic?
What sport took place at the Bermuda Royal Yacht Club?
Who did schoolboys displace?
What team participated in the 2007 World Cup Cricket?
Who is 130 lb Dwayne Leverock to the cricket team?
What job title does Dwayne Hemp hold?
Who is David Leverock?
What began in 1827?
What events did Bermuda participate in during the 2004 winter olympics?
What did Katura Perinchief-Horton do?
What event did Bermuda participate in during the 2006 summer olympics?
Who competed at the Beijing Olympics in 213?
What games did Bermuda host in 2008?
What country has a proud Union Rugby community?
Who won the 2011 Guyana Championships?
Who did Bermuda 7's team defeat in 2010?
What are played at the Academy of Warwick?
Who won the 1990 Caribbean Championships?
What area area was first settled in the Stone Age?
What area was first inhabited during the Bronze age?
What was first built in 50 BCE
What was built to expand the borders durng the reign of Claudius?
Where were the soldiers and their wives housed?
Who started invading Roman territories during the mid 300's?
Who abandoned Utrecht in the 2nd century?
Who ruled the Franks in the 700's?
Wat was built inside the Roman fortress in the 700's?
Who tried to convert the Frisians in the 700's?
Who gave the fortress at Utrecht to the bishops?
What city fell in the 8th century?
What system ended the prince-bishops?
Who's territory extended to the west?
What conflicts did Utrecht manage to stay out of?
Who were the allies of the prince-bishopric?
What was Utrecht built around?
construction on what church began in the 12th century?
What part of the Chathedral of Saint Martin was finished in the 13th century?
When was construction completed on the Cathedral of Saint Martin?
What church were demolished in the 1600's
What allowed Utrecht to become a major global trading center?
When Henry the VII grant Utrecht city rights
What was Utrecht granted in the 11th century?
What river did merchants dam?
Who lost power in the 15th century?
Who replaced the bishop?
What bishopric was raised archbishopric in the 15th century?
What was the religious center of Norther Europe?
How was the transition from part of a large union to independence taken?
Who tried to exert power over the bishop?
Who prefered the authority of the bishop to Charles V?
How long did it take to build the castle?
Who signed the Union of Utrecht in the 15th century?
Who opposed Spanish rule in the 15th century?
What union ended the Dutch Republic?
What did the bishopric abolish?
Who did the city fall to in the 16th century?
Who left the city in 1674?
What natural disaister struck in the late 16th century?
What did Utrecht host in the 17th century?
What did Uterecht become the center of in the 17th century?
What became obsolete in the 1900's?
What was moved to allow for expansion?
What connected Utrecht to Amsterdam in the 18th century?
What made Amsterdam the main hub of the Dutch railway?
What did Rietveld build in the 19th century?
Who's ideas were used to develop Central Utrecht?
What mall was built over part of the old canal system?
What followed the completion of the new center city buildings?
What opened in the 20th century?
What percentage of the Netherland's population is of Dutch ancestory?
What percentage of the the Netherlands population id immigrants from Western countries?
What is 17% of the population dependdent on?
What boroughs are known for development and low crime?
What is the population of the original bishopric?
What is the population of near by municipalities?
What is the population of the Netherlands?
What is the tallest building in the Netherlands?
what tower is 112 ft tall?
What tower was completed int he 20th century?
What addition to the Dom Towerwill make increase its height to 120m?
What canal parralels the course of the Rhine?
What creates multilevel canal?
What Medieval structure has largely collapsed?
what was moved east in the 1900's?
What is the main railway station of the Netherlands?
When did the Dutch Railway Museum open?
What station opened in 1939?
What is located across from Utrecht Central railway station?
What has renvation on the bus station caused?
Who uses electric buses for all local bus routes?
What type of bus does Arriva use for inner city transport?
What percentage of journey's Dutch cities are by bicycle?
What accounts for 30% of trips in Dutch cities?
What will construction begin on in 2018?
When did the city council decide to prohibit parking bikes in the city center?
What two roads connect Utrecht to the rest of Europe?
What limits the amount of traffic in the city?
For what city is the production industry a large part of the economy?
Where is the center of the EU railway located?
What is the largest brick building in Europe?
What resulted in a UFO on the side of The De Inktpot in the 20th century?
What shopping center is located in the city center?
What streets are open all night?
What is planned to be renovated every 20 years?
What is one of the largest convention centres in Europe?
What university was established in the 16th century?
What is the largest University in Europe?
How many university students were in the Netherlands in 2012?
What was Shanghai Jiaotong University ranked in 2014?
Ultrecht has the most active what in the Netherlannds?
Who built the main city theater in the 19th century?
What festival is held for music of the 1800's
What music hall has the best acoustics in the world?
What form of art became legal in 2004?
What house was built in the 19th century?
What illistrator is famouse for creating a gnome with a red hat?
What does the city host for visitors.
What does the city subsidize for tourists?
What does the city coucil provide to students?
what education does the national government subsidize?
What is the largest amature sportsclub in Europe?
What sports are offered at Europes largest sportsclub?
What student clubs are open to the general public?
What stadium does the varsity football team play at?
he disagreement between the Nazis and the Soviets split what countries up?
he agreement between the Nazis and the Soviets split what cities up?
Who invaded Poland before the Nazi’s?
Which countries weren't taken over by the Soviets?
Salla isn't located in what country?
The regions of Białystok, Galicia and Przemyśl were kept from what country after world war II?
The regions of Białystok, Galicia and Przemyśl were returned to what country before world war II?
What regions never remained part of the Soviet Union?
Before World War II, what regions remain part of Ukraine?
After World War I, what regions remain part of Ukraine?
Lenin never acknowledged the independence of which countries?
Lenin acknowledged the dependence of which countries?
What agreement gave Germany many regions of Russia in the second world war?
What agreement gave Germany no of Russia in the first world war?
When did the russian civil war not take place?
Who wasn't to blame for communism and capitalism?
What increased Germany’s need for Soviet goods?
What reduced Germany’s need for American tanks?
Which political group removed problems between the Soviet and German governments?
Which political group created an alliance between the Soviet and German governments?
What countries helped the Soviets from joining the Munich Conference?
What countries prevented the Germans from joining the Munich Conference?
Who was the English politician who opposed Germany with the take over of Czechoslovakia
Who was the French politician who appeased Germany with the take over of Czechoslovakia
The soviets suspected that Nazi-Soviet conflicts would never result in what?
During conflict, what wouldn't prevent transport of materials?
During non-conflict, what would prevent transport of materials?
Between german and the soviet union which country never needed what? 
Who believed they never needed a supply line from the Soviet Union to sustain another war? 
Who believed they needed a supply line from the Soviet Union to avoid another war? 
Why didn't the Soviet government fear the governments of France and Britain?
Why did the Soviet government embrace the governments of France and Britain?
Why did eastern power believe that the soviet government wouldn’t partake in another world war?
What country was at war with Japan in China prior to World War I?
Who embraced of a pact between Germany and the Soviet governments?
Who never predicted soviet aggression in the Baltic region?
Who predicted soviet aggression in the Atlantic region?
What month didn't the Tripartite discussions begin between Britain, USSR and France?
What month did the Tripartite discussions end between Britain, USSR and France?
Which country is blamed for the Tripartite discussion to thrive?
Which Soviet Foreign Minister kept his job because of his favorable attitude towards the west?
Which Soviet Foreign Minister lost his job because of his unfavorable attitude towards the west?
Which two countries positioned themselves to broker a deal returning to a pre-1920’s treaty with each other?
Which three countries positioned themselves to broker a deal returning to a pre-1930’s treaty with each other?
Which two countries positioned themselves to broker an old trade agreement?
Why did Poland accept the proposal of the Soviet Union protecting them from a German Attack?
Why did Poland deny the proposal of the Soviet Union protecting them from a English Attack?
In what city did the bipartite military talks occur during the month of August?
In what city did the tripartite military talks occur during the month of July?
Who wanted their country protected by the Soviet military?
What was the German-Soviet dividing line in regards to leaving Poland?
What was the Russian-Soviet dividing line in regards to leaving Poland?
What other countries didn't the Soviet government agree to annex through the agreement with Germany?
What other countries did the Soviet government disagree to annex through the agreement with Germany?
What other countries did the Soviet government agree to annex through the disagreement with Germany?
Which Foreign Minister wouldn't agree to meet with Stalin on to sign a secret agreement? 
Which Foreign Minister would disagree to meet with Stalin on to sign a secret agreement? 
How long was the public agreement between Germany and the Soviets?
Part of the public agreement between the Germans and the Soviets included a neutral diplomatic approach when?
Part of the secret agreement between the Germans and the Soviets excluded a neutral diplomatic approach when?
What country held the city Vilnius after to the inter-war period? 
What country wouldn't reclaim the city of Vilnius?
What rivers wouldn't the soviet union claim as their own during the invasion of poland?
Who wouldn't claim Lithuania under their political umbrella?
Bessarabia eventually never became under the control of which country?
Which diplomat never leaked information about the secret agreements?
Which diplomat leaked information about the public agreements?
Which ally of Germany was least surprised by the signing of the agreement?
Which ally of Germany was most surprised by the scrapping of the agreement?
How long hadn't the tripartite discussions been taking place?
Who up-played the contrast and recent past history between German and the Soviets?
Who downplayed the contrast and recent past history between England and the Soviets?
How long did the anti-Soviet propaganda machine run before the pact-signing?
A war with the USSR wasn't considered certain according to whom?
A war with the USSR was considered uncertain according to whom?
What was the response of Kliment Voroshilov in regards to no further conversations with Britain and France?
What was the response of Kliment Voroshilov in regards to further conversations without Britain and France?
Who shouldn't accept the annexation of Poland?
Who should deny the annexation of Poland?
By rejecting the deal with the USSR, Hitler admitted that it prevented what?
How didn't the Russians communicate to the Germans in regards to bombing civilians trying to flee cities?
How did the Russians communicate to the Germans in regards to bombing soldiers trying to flee cities?
What day did German leave Poland?
What day did German invade France?
How long didn't the Germans massacre Polish and Jewish civilians? 
Why did Soviets create real elections in Poland?
Why didn't Soviets create fake elections in Poland?
Where did the Nazi and Russian leaders meet to discuss what not to do with Poland?
Where weren't cooperative military parades held?
Where were cooperative military parades not held?
After amending the joint agreement, who received the smaller portion of Lithuania?
After amending the joint agreement, who never received the larger portion of Lithuania?
What was the amended joint agreement not called?
How long after the annexation of Kresy wasn't the amendment made?
How long before the annexation of Kresy was the amendment made?
The Soviets took over and setup a real government in what country?
How long did the Finnish military last before the invasion by the soviets?
How long didn't the Finnish military last during the invasion by the soviets?
Although unofficially, the number of soviets wounded during the invasion of finland was around 200,000, who said the real numbers may have been closer to a million?
How many Finnish people kept their homes?
Who left the countries of Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia? 
What region of Lithuania wasn't to be turned over to the Nazis?
What region of Lithuania was to be turned over to the French?
Of the three countries invaded, which lost the most amount of people through deportation or loss of life?
How didn't these countries become part of the USSR?
How many days after France sued for peace did the Romanians reject the requests of the USSR?
What month didn't France sue for peace?
What month did France sue for war?
How many days didn't it take for the Romanians give into the Soviets requests?
How many days did it take for the Romanians reject the Soviets requests?
Who weren't the “intelligentia?” 
How long didn't liquidation occur?
How long did liquidation stop?
How many intelligentia were saved during operation AB-Akiton?
How many intelligentia were killed during operation BA-Akiton?
How many Jews were forced to live outside of the Warsaw Ghetto? 
How many Jews survived in the Warsa Ghetto?
Which group of people were considered superior?
How many Polish people weren't used in labor camps?
How many people are believed to have lived in Auschwitz?
How much didn't the transfer of the Lithuanian Strip cost the Soviet Union?
How long didn't germans have to relocate from the baltic states after the amendment of secret protocols?
How long did germans have to relocate from the baltic states before the amendment of secret protocols?
How long didn't the Russians have to relocate from the german occupied regions?
How long did the amendment reject the trade agreements?
Who wasn't part of Hollywood Ten?
Who was part of Hollywood Nine?
Who was the follower of the American communist party?
Who accepted the involvement of Britain and France in a war with Germany?
Who protested the involvement of Britain and France in a treaty with Germany?
The eastern communists new rhetoric was that the war was? 
The western communists old rhetoric was that the war was? 
French communists voted against what?
Where didn't Maurice Thorez go after deserting the Army?
Where did Maurice Thorez go after joining the Army?
Who rejected war with the Soviet Union?
Who wanted war with the Nazis?
Who privately wanted peace with Soviet Union
Who publicly wanted war with Soviet Union
The British army wasn't considered to be what by Walter Ulbricbht?
Who refused a German-Soviet war plan?
Who accepted a German-Soviet peace plan?
Why was the east creating a war?
Why was the west creating peace?
Who provides rhetoric points against the Soviet propaganda?
What wasn't the title of Molotov’s report called?
What was the title of Stalin’s report called?
According to Molotov, what wasn't the goal of the west?
According to Molotov, what was the goal of the east?
Under what guise does the east perform their international policing?
How much more expansive was the oldest trade agreement?
What wasn't the trade route between german and the soviet union?
Where weren't the soybeans coming from?
What unknown ship was the soviet union getting the plans for?
How many old airplanes were the soviets getting in this agreement?
What didn't the Germans use to avoid British blockades?
Where wasn't the sub base located?
Where was the plane base located?
Which oceans didn't the sub base provide access to?
Which oceans did the sub base restrict access to?
Who wanted to know the moment an pro-german bloc was to form?
Who never wanted to know the moment an anti-german bloc was to form?
Why didn't the Germans distrust the soviet agenda?
Why did the Germans trust the soviet agenda?
What brought trust between the German and Soviet governments?
Who started the trade because of a disagreement involving Romania?
Who stopped the trade because of an agreement involving Romania?
What regions weren't redrawn in effort to improve relations between Germany and the Soviets?
What regions were redrawn in effort to deteriorate relations between Germany and the Soviets?
Who ended refining Romanian oil?
What countries disagreed to a tripartisan agreement?
What countries agreed to a bipartisan agreement?
Which Foreign Minister proposed that the Soviets should reject this agreement of axis powers?
Which Foreign Minister proposed that the Soviets should join this disagreement of axis powers?
Who would the axis powers approve in the new agreement?
Who wasn't planning an invasion of the Soviet Union?
Who was openly planning an invasion of the Soviet Union?
Who did the Soviet Union disagree to remain neutral with when they signed a treaty on the 13th of April?
Who did the Soviet Union agree to remain neutral with when they rejected a treaty on the 13th of April?
Why didn't Stalin sign the pact? 
Where did the German attack on Soviet forces not occur?
Where did the German attack on British forces occur?
How many Soviet military members died within the first nine months of the war between the two countries?
How many Soviet prisoners did german take within the first nine months of war between the two countries?
How long did it take to capture regions of the world that were once occupied by soviets once the final attack occurred?
How many pages of public documents were microfilmed?
Near the start of the war, where the did some of the german command flee to?
What did Wendell B. Blancke investigate at the start of the war?
Why did Karl von Loesch destroy the microfilm?
Where was Karl von Löesch transferred to after he destoyed over the documents?
Who printed the public German-Soviet treaty in Britain?
Which world leader hated the publication of Nazi-Soviet Relations to be printed?
What wasn't the description of the Soviet government in the world press in regards to the treaty and subsequent breaking of the treaty by germany?
Where wasn't the Foreign Ministers conference held?
Who destroyed the Nazi-Soviet Relations publication?
What year wasn't Joseph Stalin’s version of the pact published?
What year was Joseph Stalin’s version of the pact unpublished?
What wasn't the Soviet response to the Nazi-Soviet Relations publication
How long didn't Stalins version of what happened between the Germans and the Soviets last?
How long did Stalins version of what happened between the British and the Soviets last?
Who rejected an investigation into whether or not the Soviet-German Pact happened?
Which states have argued that the Soviet-German Pact was valid from the inception?
Which states have argued that the Japan-German Pact was invalid from the inception?
Which non-government agency received the news that the Soviet-German Pact had existed?
Which government agency received the news that the Soviet-German Pact had never existed?
Who was ordered to keep the Jews from the Ministry?
Who gave the order to keep the Jews from the Ministry?
Who never gave the order to remove the Jews from the Ministry?
Who believed that the hiring of Litvinov allowed the Soviets to quicker negotiations with Germany?
Who believed that the firing of Molotov would result in a better deal with the western countries?
Edward Carr believes that in a war between Germany and the Soviet Union, who else wouldn't have been participating?
Edward Carr doesn't believe that in a war between Germany and the Soviet Union, who else would have been participating?
Who never believed that the Soviet Unions were afraid of Germany?
Who believes that the Soviet Unions was friends of Germany?
The pact according to Edward Carr’s view wasn't to provide what between Germany and the Soviet Union?
Who wasn't skeptical of Stalin’s policies?
What isn't the claim the pact promoted, purported by the The Black Book of Communism?
What is the claim the pact promoted, purported by the The White Book of Communism?
Who believed that Joseph Stalin had plans to invade Germany?
Who doesn’t believe that Joseph Stalin had plans to invade France?
What was a condenser originally known as?
What has three terminal electrical components?
What is the name of the insulator in all capacitors that can't store energy by becoming polarized?
 In what form does a capacitor never store energy?
 Where is the energy released by a capacitor located?
When does an electric field not develop across the dielectric?
Under what condition does a displacement current never flow in a capacitor?
What is an example of when there exists a similarity across the conductors?
 How do charges stop accumulating on each plate of a capacitor after an electric field has developed across the dielectric?
hat happens to the current when a battery has been attached to a capacitor for an inadequate amount of time?
Who did not discover the basic properties of capacitors?
What happened on November 1745?
In the original experiment in which the properties of capacitors were discovered, what component didn't act as the dielectric?
What was the name of the French physicist who invented the Leyden Jar?
Who said: "I would take a second shock for the kingdom of France."
Who was the second person to connect several Leyden jars in parallel?
Where did Benjamin Franklin believe the charge was released in Leyden jars?
 Who coined the term "electrochemical"?
How many nanofarads did the earliest unit of capacitance subtract?
Why was the mouth of Leyden jars closed?
Besides porcelain, paper and mica, what other conductive material was used as an insulator?
For what use were conductive materials used in the first capacitors?
What was layered between strips of plastic in order to create paper capacitors?
What happened in 1877?
 What other use did metal capacitors serve in the telecommunications industry?
 Who invented the second electrolytic capacitor?
In what sort of electrolyte does the oxide layer on an aluminum anode remain unstable?
What happened in 1899?
 What sort of capacitors were created by Bell Labs in the 1940's?
 Why did Mell labs create their new type of capacitor?
 What are electric triple-layer capacitors called today?
When were high voltage electrolytic capacitors with porous carbon electrodes invented?
Who invented high voltage electrolytic capacitors with porous carbon electrodes?
 In what part of the capacitor did Becker believe the charge was not being stored?
In what component of electrolytic capacitors did Becker believe was different from the porous carbon electrodes?
What type of area is between the three conductors in a capacitor?
What is the name given to the area between three conductors in a capacitor?
 What net electric charge are capacitors assumed to never have?
 What type of charges do conductors release on their facing surfaces?
 What region outside of a capacitor develops an electric field?
What is the definition of the current P(t) through any component in an electric circuit?
For each electron that departs the negative plate, how many electrons build up on the negative plate?
 To what is the charge on the electrodes of a capacitor not equal to?
To what is the charge on the electrodes of a capacitor disproportional to?
what does the constant of integration that must never be added represent?
In an ideal model of a capacitor, what is the value that does not describe the permittivity of the dielectric?
What equation describes the charge density for an unideal model of a capacitor?
In an ideal model of a capacitor, what must never be assumed about the size of the plates?
Close to the outside of the capacitor, what equation describes the magnitude of the electric field?
What does the line integral of the electric field between the plates of a capacitor fail to represent?
What is a function of the amount of dielectric, the strength of dielectric and its permittivity?
What happens when there is a change of the maximum amount of energy
In a realistic model of a capacitor, where else besides between the dielectric between the conductors will an electric field never be found?
When an electric field exists between the sides of the plates as well as in within the dielectric, what effect is had on the lack of effective capacitance of the capacitor?
When the ratios of plate length and width to separation distance are small, what size is the parasitic capacitance?
What characteristic do leakage current and parasitic effects never be assumed to have in the equation for a realistic capacitor?
What sort of components will never be added to the equivalent circuit of a capacitor in order to deal with leakage current and parasitic effects?
Upon dealing with leakage current and parasitic effects in a realistic model of a capacitor, what sort of methods will never be applied?
What sort of analysis will always be used in cases of voltage breakdown in modelling a capacitor?
What causes the assumption of constant capacitance to succeed even if the effect is linear in nature?
What order is the breakdown field weakness for air dielectric capacitors of?
Of what order is the breakdown field weakness for mica dielectric capacitors?
In what way is the dielectric never used in order to cause the absolute breakdown voltage of capacitors to be limited?
What is one factor that does not affect the breakdown voltage of the capacitor?
What is the difference in the physical attributes of the dielectric used in high voltage capacitors compared to even higher voltage capacitors?
What name is given to the AC component of an applied source having no constant or alternating frequency?
What is one cause of dielectric gains in a capacitor?
 What is another cause of dielectric gains in a capacitor?
What does ESS stand for?
 What is one type of capacitor that has no specified rating value for maximum ripple current?
What value of some capacitors increases with age?
What causes the increase of capacitance in ceramic capacitors as they age?
 What is one of the least important aging factors in capacitors?
What is the least important factor which governs how a capacitor ages?
At what point can the aging effect of a capacitor never be reversed if the component is heated beyond?
 What is the effect called when capacitors don't absorb sound waves?
 What value of a capacitor is not varied when vibration moves the conducting plates?
 What sort of current is induced when the capacitance of a capacitor is unaltered?
In what type of applications is piezeoelectricity never problematic?
What is it called when a changing electric field existing between the conductive plates of a capacitor keeps them still?
What percentage of voltage reversal does an AC circuit never experience?
 What does voltage reversal never create in the dielectric of a capacitor?
What percentage of voltage reversal will an over damped DC circuit experience?
When designing a capacitor, what is an unimportant rating to consider?
 What does excess electric field not present in the dielectric lead to?
After discharging and disconnecting a capacitor, what causes it to underdevelop a voltage?
 What does the process of dielectric absorption in a capacitor not depend on?
What level of dielectric absorption would a tantalum electrolytic capacitor never display?
What level of dielectric absorption would a Teflon capacitor never exhibit?
What amount of energy must a capacitor contain in order to never be considered dangerous?
With what value is a resistor in parallel with a capacitor not equal to?
 What will never cause excessive leakage in a capacitor?
 What sort of capacitors are never used to carry a varying signal from the conductive plate of one tube to the grid circuit of the next stage?
What type of capacitor will never cause signal distortion in the downstream tube?
If the grid circuit voltage is increased beyond its regular bias setting, what doesn't happen to the conductive plates in power amplifiers?
What do many capacitors contain that lower the capacitance?
 What sort of dielectric is never used in low capacitance devices?
What sort of capacitors have not traditionally been used in radio tuning circuits?
How did the capacitor traditionally used in radio tuning circuits stay the same over time?
 What did the later designs of capacitors used in radio tuning circuits still have?
 What benefit is never offered by solid state paper capacitors?
 What type of capacitor has not replaced solid state paper capacitors?
 What sort of circuit are plastic capacitors not useful for?
What is one type of reliable capacitor that is non-resistant to temperature and voltage changes?
 What is another type of reliable capacitor that is not resistant to temperature and voltage changes?
What is one type of metal which the conducting plates in electrolytic capacitors are never made of?
 What type of dielectric layer is never used in electrolytic capacitors?
What happens to the conductivity of the electrolyte at high temperatures?
How can electrolytic capacitors be safely used after having been used for a long time?
Why might the method gradually applying the operating voltage not be suitable to protect electrolytic capacitors in ancient devices?
 What is the main feature of a non-supercapacitor?
 What is one type of material with which a supercapacitor may not be constructed?
As of 2010, what is the lowest capacitance a supercapacitor has achieved?
 What type of capacitor is never used in electric motor circuits?
How many times the minimum AC voltage are AC capacitors designed to withstand?
Under what condition might the polarization of the dielectric be able to follow the voltage?
What type of dipoles which add to the dielectric constant cannot move instantly if a slowly changing time varying voltage is driving the capacitor?
What is it called when a dielectric constant stays the same with frequency?
 What deregulates dielectric dispersion?
 What is an example of an undielectric relaxation process?
How is the non-complex impedance with dielectric represented mathematically?
How is the complex capacitance with dielectric represented mathematically?
 Why isn't the value of C0 unattainable in reality?
Under what condition is the approximation C0 sufficiently inaccurate for calculation purposes?
How is the complex capacitance mathematically unrepresented with the dielectric present?
What order of magnitude of capacitance is suitable for capacitors comprised of ceramic disks without metallic coatings?
 How are smaller value capacitors often constructed?
What do smaller value capacitors often use as the dielectric medium?
Why are the plates and dielectrics often staggered in smaller value capacitors?
 How are the conductive plates never made for larger value capacitors?
What is one type of configuration in which a capacitor not have its connecting leads organized?
What is another type of configuration in which a capacitor will never have its connecting leads arranged?
Which type of configuration is never manufactured with the leads parallel to the body of the capacitor?
 How are the leads of an axially configured capacitor not arranged?
 How could radial leads be less correctly described?
What happened since the 1940s? 
What has been in use since the 1990s?
What do surface mount packages have that allows their use on the surface of printed circuit boards?
 What is one inconvenience of using surface mount components?
 What is one easy part when using surface mount components?
What do mechanically controlled variable capacitors disable to be modified?
How do cheap variable capacitors vary the separation distance against layers of a plastic and aluminum?
 Of what type of diodes are varactors or varicaps uncomprised?
What doesn't vary as a function of voltage in varactors?
 What is not an application of varactors?
How do larger capacitors hide their electrical characteristics?
What does the abbreviated electrical characteristics of larger capacitors consist of?
What part of the electrical characteristics of larger capacitors do the digits of the abbreviated notation represent ?
 What does the letter of the abbreviated notation for the electrical characteristics of larger capacitors represent?
 In what SI unit is the capacitance reported on larger capacitors?
Why are capacitors connected in parallel without the power circuits of many devices and large systems?
 How do the capacitors connected perpendicullarly act with currents from the power supply?
What is one value a stiffening capacitor accounts for when used in for a plane audio purposes?
 What is another value a stiffening capacitor accounts for when used in for boat audio purposes?
What do parallel capacitors do to fluctuating current in order to deliver "dirty" power for control circuits?
In what scenario are capacitors never used for power factor correction?
 How are capacitors never used for power factor correction prepared?
In what what unit is the capacitance reported for capacitors never used in power factor correction?
 What is the reason for never using capacitors in power factor correction?
 How are power factor correction capacitors never installed?
 What happens to the current when an inductive circuit is closed?
 What happens to the voltage when an inductive circuit is closed?
What type of capacitor is used to make a path to not bypass the contact points?
 What is a typical system in which a snubber capacitor is not found?
 What type of capacitor dispenses radio frequency interference?
What is the main winding on a squirrel cage motor capable of withstanding?
What sort of capacitors are never used on the second winding of a squirrel cage motor?
What doesn't the capacitor on the second winding of a squirrel cage motor do?
 Where is the start capacitor commonly mounted?
How much energy could a capacitor in a disposable camera release?
To what voltage could a capacitor from a disposable camera be never charged to?
 What device can't be used to discharge large voltage capacitors?
 How aren't the terminals of high voltage capacitors stored?
What type of charge couldn't a capacitor pick up a transient charge from?
What couldn't cause the failure of a capacitor?
 What can't happen to capacitors used in high current applications?
What can happen to capacitors used in low energy capacitor banks?
 What type of capacitors can generate hard x-rays?
 What is one way to help maximize capacitor dangers?
What does Digi Monster stand for?
What term refers to the Chinese media franchise?
What you Digi tamers do?
What are digidestined trying to destroy?
What is a world far from Earth?
What started with a series of real pets?
What cause the franchise to lose momentum?
What was released in 1990
What is aired for several seasons based on the films?
What American media for the original did you mom based on?
What was originally based on an actual pet?
 Many of the most popular Digimon on?
What American media influenced the first Digimon?
What were becoming unpopular in Japan?
What has mostly been in individual process throughout the franchise history?
Did you birds hatched from what?
What kind of egg do Digimon use to evolve mentally?
How do Digi eggs evolve
What permanently increases when Digimon evolve?
How do most Digimon act?
Under what conditions must Digimon be reborn?
What happens when a Digimon receives a nonfatal wound?
What did the first Digimon game introduce?
Doing what to the causes the Digimon to be reborn?
What is made of a set configuration of data?
What companies were responsible for the re-release Digimon
What was originally intended for mainly girls?
What predecessor's a Digimon similar to?
What do many owners have the same Digimon?
What is a manifestation of a world far from work?
What are specially trained Digimon defending the world from?
Who accompanies special humans born to save the world?
What children stay the same from series to series?
What stays the same as Digimon become stronger?
How many series of aired as of 2001?
What world the first 5 Series Take Pl. in?
What is unique in each series?
What was announced in December 2006?
Which series began in 2011
When did the first Digimon series air in United States?
What aired on Japanese TV in August 1999?
What keeps the Digimon from evolving into stronger creatures?
What did each kid select?
What aired in April 2010?
Who is the Digimon Empress?
What has the Emperor been doing with dark spires and control rings?
What do all the people on earth lose in the end?
What countries are lost to the controls spires?
Which series beginning April 2000?
What is not needed to provide power boost to Digimon
Why is the card game controversial?
Howdy Henry create his own Digimon partner?
What did Rika sketch?
What began in August 2002?
What season spirit power the focus of?
What device transformed regular Digimon into special Digimon?
What were special humans called?
To the Digidestined stop from reawakening?
What season followed a four year break?
How did they attempt to reconnect with her old audience?
What age group was targeted with the seasons lighter theme?
The darker themed English dubbed version was aimed at what order age group?
What was released on Disney instead of DVD?
Wendy did a fifth season begin airing in the United States?
How did the six season differ from the first four seasons?
What was Shotmon able to combine
What did Nickelodeon refuse to air?
What was announced in October 2011
When was the third season aired?
What lies between the digital world?
What causes all the Digimon universe to scatter?
When was it announced a tri would be a television series?
Is streaming the television series the same day that premieres
What was announced thirty months after the franchises fifteenth anniversary?
Who were now in middle school?
How many Digimon movies have been released in the United States?
What were the first seven not connected to?
What were the first three Japanese movies released in the United States and Canada?
What were the only two movies distributed internationally?
What did the UK create the adaptations of?
What did Germany retreat?
What words that replicas of adventure 02?
What remains unloved until 2008?
What did the Digimon series only have a few of?
What usually follows the anime storyline?
Over the first two Japanese games released?
The card games included what genre
What did bandai do in 2012?
What revealed a real release of the Digimon series?
What did Sony release enhanced version of
What release was canceled for 2015
What's been released in North America with Japanese subtitles?
What is a semi-permanent body of ice that moves under its own weight?
What forms were ice accumulates?
What causes glaciers to remain smooth in uniform?
What other kinds of ice are thicker than glaciers?
Where is 99% of the world snow contained?
What can be found on every continent of the world?
What percentage of the polar regions land surface is covered with glaciers?
What Connie Is Covered by 13,000,000 mi.² of glaciers?
Between what one want to latitudes or glaciers only found in valleys?
Where is all the fresh water on earth contained?
What glaciers often release place during warm periods?
What creates in important water source for many plants and animals but not humans?
Who benefits from the Antarctic's meltwater?
What are glaciers smaller it in 50,000 km² called?
What can often be seen beneath the sheets?
Where a sheets now extinct?
What are ice sheets that cover the sea called?
What you shelves become is a melt?
What are tidal glaciers?
Hetero icebergs form glaciers?
What affects tidewater glaciers more than others?
What type of glaciers have been retreating for centuries?
What temperature is a polar glacier always above?
What temperature is a temperate glacier always above?
What two types of ice are contained in a polar glacier?
Why are warm based glaciers not able to slide?
Why is it cold basically sure able to slide?
What forms were snow and ice accumulation is equal to its melting
What geological features formed by glaciers?
What happens in a minimum of 15 feet of snow?
What causes a glaciers stop moving?
What is based on suface ice and melt conditions?
Wht line marks the center of the glacier?
What does the abilation zone cover 60-70% of?
What forces underlying rock upward?
What lakes where formed from a mountain depression
Why is the lower 50m of a glacier rigid?
What is the free flowing upper section known as?
what forms where glaciers are unable to move?
What happens when two ridgid sections of a glacier collide?
What point do sercas form above?
What kind of crevasses form where steep slopes cause glaciers to deccelerate?
What kind of crevasses form where glaciers contract laterally?
What kind of crevasses form at the edge of a glacier due to an increase in speed?
What is formed when moving ice seperates from sragnant ice below?
What margins to crevasses form at?
What typically moves at around 3 meters a day?
What grows on moving glaciers in Alaska?
What makes some glaciers stagnant?
What causes increased thickness?
What is the term for a gradual increase in a glaciers speed?
What is caused by underground water?
What does accumulaion of rock under the glacier cause?
What occurs where glaciers are moving slower than 1 km per day?
What peaks Every July in Iceland?
What is causing a decrease in Greenlands glacial earthquakes?
What has been decreasing over time?
what is the term for crests of ice on the glaciers surface?
What is formed when an icefall is covered up?
What do ogives prevent from accumulating?
What is made of both undulations and color bands?
What are found on every coninant including Australia?
What sub-arctic islands do not have glaciers?
What Australian mountain has a glacier?
What are spreading rapidly in New Guinea?
What affects the perminant ice layer needed for glaciers to form?
What can be found in every country from 20 degrees to 27 degess north and south of the equator?
At what lattitudes does the Hadley circulation rais percipitation?
At what latitudes does low percipitation lead to permanent snow?
What is inevitable at hight latitudes?
What kind of deserts do glaciers form in?
What does cold air transport?
What formed in central and north Alaska during the last ice age due to the extreme cold?
What charactrerizes glacial striations?
What is formed when glaciers lack boulders?
What helps scientists determine the speed of a glacier?
What is formed when glaciers crush boulders?
What are no longer visable after a glacier retreats?
What type of moraines are formed at the begining of the glacier?
What mraines are formed when two ice sheets meet?
What blankets the surface of a glacier?
What are upslope from the equilibrium line?
What has a V shape after a glacier recedes?
What are U shaped before glaciation?
What fills depressions to form fjord?
What do glacial valleys run into to form paternoster lakes?
What is on the side that ascends out of a valley?
What do cirques gorm in mountains?
What are shallow cirques called?
what are ice formations made by glaciers called?
What are short round bedrock knobs?
What are steep on their upside and and gentle on their down side?
What is smooth on the downstream side?
Where has post-glacial rebound stopped occuring?
What totals a thirs of the glaciers length?
What happens quickly after the ice sheet melts?
What pushes up the mantle of the Earth?
What did Comcast Corporation change its name to?
How many states does AT&T serve?
Where is the AT&T headquarters?
What company merged with Comcast, making it the largest TV company?
What is the largest home internet provider in the world?
What countries is Comcast planning to open new attractions in?
When did the deal with Time Warner officially go through?
What are the names of the cable-only channels by Time Warner?
How many entertainment venues does Time Warner have?
How much is Comcast worth?
What year did Comcast first violate net neutrality?
What title was The Consumerist given in 2010 and 2014?
What company has the highest customer satisfaction in the US?
Antitrust concerns have been dismissed because COmcast does not own what company?
What type of definition does The Consumerist use?
Who is Brian L. Robert's son?
What percentage of voting power does Susan P. Crawford have?
What is Susan P. Crawford's salary?
When did Roberts become the CEO of Comcast?
What type of supervoting shares does Robert not have?
What did the Huffington post in 2014?
What social media platform interviewed Comcast employees?
What was the name of The Verge's investigative series?
How many publications picked up the 2012 Reddit post?
What has Comcast replaced its obsession with sales with?
Where are the offices for the Writers Guild of America?
What does the initialism CWA stand for?
What does Comcast believe is best for its employees?
What type of meetings did the Writers Guild of America protest?
What company represented Comcast's policies in 2004?
What magazine was determined as one of the best places to work in 2009?
What company lacks employee diversity?
What newspaper was deemed the best place to work?
What is CableFAX known for?
The Washington Post mentioned the Comcast organization in which city?
What were shares worth in 2012?
Where were the Olympics in 2012?
How much revenue (in billions) did Comcast generate due to high-speed internet customers?
What percentage of new customers did Comcast increase by in 2012?
What sports event caused revenues to double from 1999 to 2009?
What is the seventh largest lobbying company in the world?
Who is the vice president of the National Cable & Telecommunications Association?
How much did Comcast spend on lobbying efforts in 2012?
Why is Barack Obama no longer a registered lobbyist?
What bills has Comcast opposed?
How much was Jerrold Electronics?
Which two partners owned Jerrold Electronics?
How many customers did Storecast Corporation of America have in 1963?
What did Ralph J. Roberts sell in 1963?
American Cable Systems was the parent company of what spin-off?
How many additional subscribers did Comcast receive by merging with Maclean-Hunter?
How much was the Comcast UK branch purchased for?
What percentage of CBS did Comcast own?
When did Comcast buy Liberty Media?
How much did Comcast sell the Golf Channel for in 2004?
How much did Comcast pay to purchase Greater Philadelphia Cablvision?
What company turned down AT&T's offer?
What month did VeriSign start?
How much debt did SBC Communications have?
Who sold Comcast Cellular to Comcast?
How many customers did AT&T Broadband bring to Comcast?
What was Comcast Spotlight renamed as?
What year was Comcast Advertising Sales renamed?
What city is Comcast Spotlight located in?
How much did AT&T purchase Comcast for?
How much debt did Comcast have in 2004?
What percent of ESPN does Comcast own?
What is the most important asset ESPN owns?
How much did Comcast bid for ESPN?
During what month did Disney accept Comcast's bid?
What did Comcast and MGM buy in 2005?
Where is MGM located?
How much did Comcast purchase MGM for?
How much of Lenfest did Comcast own?
How many internet customers did the partnership with Sony Pictures garner Comcast?
When did Comcast team up with Hewlett-Packard?
When did Comcast launch Zimbra?
What did Zimbra allow users to do with their contacts?
What is SmartZone's email called?
What was the name of the Hewlett-Packard antivirus software?
How long did it take for Adelphia Cable to go bankrupt?
Who partnered with Comcast to buy out Time Warner?
How much did the FCC charge Comcast and Time Warner for the investigation?
When did the FCC object to the deal?
When did Comcast bankrupt?
When did CNBC announce Comcast had bought NBCUniversal?
How much of NBCUniversal did CNBC announce Time Warner would own?
How much stock was Vivendi forced to buy?
Who is the CEO of Comcast?
Who reported that Time Warner was placing a bid in November 2009?
How much did Comcast pay to Vivendi?
The FCC denied the deal by what vote?
What did GE add to their logo in December?
When did GE announce it planned to buy out Comcast's interest?
How much did Comcast pay for the remaining 49%?
How much was Time Warner going to pay Comcast?
Who reported Time Warner had agreed to the deal?
What metropolitan areas did Comcast give Time Warner?
What was Time Warner Cable attempting to buy?
When do Time Warner and Comcast plan to begin the merger?
Who is the current head of the National Cable and Telecommunications Association?
When was Tom Wheeler the head of the CTIA?
What day did the House Judiciary Committee have its hearing?
Who is the head of Politico?
Who is the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee?
Which ESPN channels are unavailable for Comcast?
When did the Olympic Committee and Comcast officially launch their combined network?
What city is the US Olympic Committee located?
What did Comcast put on hold?
When did Comcast and Disney reach an agreement?
When did the channel become available in New York, Pittsburgh, and Richmond?
When did Comcast partner with Altitude Sports & Entertainment?
What is the name of the Emergency Alert System in Philadelphia?
What did Comcast and the Mets creat in 2004?
What is the name of Time Warner Cable's variety network?
Who founded the Philadelphia Flyers?
What did Spectacor buy from Comcast?
What was the original name of the Golf Channel?
How much did Comcast pay Spectacor for the controlling stake?
What did Comcast rename the Philadelphia 76ers basketball arena in 2014?
Who listed the IRS as the company with the worst customer service rating?
What is the only industry to score above a 60?
How much did customer satisfaction increase by?
What company was given the worst customer satisfaction rating in 2001?
What has happened to the revenue of the Internal Revenue Service?
Who is the CEO of the Wall Street Journal?
What rating was the Corporate Library given? 
How much was the cost of the NBCU acquisition?
What is the average age of Comcast's board of directors?
What company did Comcast give an F to?
What was the name of the Comcast employee that changed Ricardo's name?
When did Comcast rectify the situation?
How much did the Browns pay Elliott?
What did Lisa post on her blog?
How many years did it take Comcast to rectify the situation?
What disease is caused by TB?
What percentage of infections do not have symptoms?
What was consumption originally called?
What is an infection with symptoms called?
What percentage of patients with latent TB die?
What percentage of deaths worldwide died from TB in 2014?
How many people died from TB in 2000?
How many new cases of TB occurred in 2014?
When did deaths begin increasing?
Which Asian country has an 80% infection rate?
What percentage of cases include chest pain?
What is it called when people have symptoms?
What percentage of cases erode into the pulmonary artery?
What kind of aneurysm does chest pain in TB patients sometimes result in?
What are lower lobes in the lungs often more affected by?
What percentage of young children get Extrapulmonary TB?
What does a tuberculous ulcer result in?
What does disseminated tuberculosis look like?
What is another name for osseous tuberculosis?
What percentage of HIV positive cases also get Military TB?
What is the main cause of Mycobacterium tuberculosis?
How long can a Gram stain last?
What grows outside of the cells of a host organism?
How often do lipids divide?
What divides faster than other bacteria?
What is another name for an expectorated sample?
What removes all stains from MTB?
What is another name for the Kinyoun stain?
What become blue when stained?
What color is Auramine-rhodamine staining?
How many M. tuberculosis complexes are there?
Which parts of Africa is M. africanum most common in?
African emigrants are not likely to get what disease in the Horn of Africa?
What form of tuberculosis has pasteurized milk caused?
Which bacterium has likely been overestimated?
What is the infection rate for people not in close contact with TB?
How many people does a person whose TB is being treated infect per year?
Which type of TB is more infectious than active TB?
Uninfected people are treated with what regimens?
How long is someone contagious if they are recently infected?
What replicates inside the pulmonary alveoli?
What begins when the endosomes reach the pulmonary alveoli?
What do the bacterium identify?
What envelopes the macrophage?
What does the combination of a lysosome and a phagolysosome create?
What is the section of lung not affected by TB called?
What is another name for Ghon focus?
What is type of transmission is found in the lungs?
Where are the peripheral lymph nodes?
What disease often affects the heart, skeletal muscles, pancreas, or thyroid?
What surrounds the lymphocytes?
What do infected macrophages form?
What is used by bacteria to destroy the host's immune system?
Which cells serve as antigen to lymphocytes?
What is the texture of cheese called?
What replaces scarring?
What is affected tissue filled with?
What do cavities join with in the waning period?
What medicine treats scar tissue?
What joins with air passages to prevent material from being coughed up?
What is usually diagnosed using just signs and symptoms?
How long do symptoms in someone who is immunosuppressed last?
What kind of cultures test for HIV?
What kind of tests are common in developing countries?
What type of bacilli do interferon-y release assays look for?
What is used to test for sarcoidosis?
What incorrect result may someone who has not gotten the TB vaccination get?
What environmental substance are IGRAs affected by?
What has more false-positives than the Mantoux tuberculin test?
What percentage of children have TB?
What disease is common in the UK?
How long do you have to wait to get the TB vaccine?
What is not given to high risk people?
Which three countries have a high risk of tuberculosis?
What did the World Health Organization create in 2006?
How many lives has Stop TB Partnership saved?
When was the World Health Organization founded?
Who developed the classification of HIV-associated TB?
When was the tuberculosis classification system created?
What is used to kill antibiotics?
The chemical composition of what wall makes TB easy to treat?
Which two drugs are used simultaneously to treat latent TB?
How long are antibiotics ineffective?
What health care provider watches the person take their medications?
Someone who is not susceptible to MTP develops what?
What is low-quality medication an example of a lack of?
What was first reported in Iran?
When was MDR-TB first observed?
Where was bedaquiline created?
Reactivation is caused by what disease?
What is the risk of reactivation in someone who only has M. tuberculosis?
What was the chance of death from HIV in 2008?
When did scientists begin to suspect reinfection was worse than previously thought?
What methods have recent studies used to examine HIV strains?
How many people died from TB in 2012?
What percentage of TB deaths result in death?
How many people died in developing countries from TB?
What percentage of the population is infected by HIV each year?
How many chronic cases of TB were there total in 2012?
What infections disease causes more deaths than HIV?
How much has the US reduced its TB mortality rate by?
What country has reduced its HIV mortality rate the most?
When did HIV-associated tuberculosis become more common?
Which named country tests positive for TB in about 80% of its population?
What percentage of TB cases worldwide are minorities?
How many new cases in millions did Swaziland have in 2007?
What is mostly found in remote areas in developed countries?
What was the rate of TB cases per 100,000 people in Swaziland in 2010?
How much greater is the mortality rate from TB for racial and ethnic minorities?
When was Wyoming discovered?
Which gene was concluded to come from animals?
What period did the bison live in?
What did animals get TB from?
What species have we definitively traced the origin of TB to?
Who started World Tuberculosis Day?
What did Koch believe was similar to bovine tuberculosis?
What year did World Tuberculosis Day start?
What remedy did Koch win a Nobel prize for?
When did Koch describe the connection between TB and infected milk?
How many deaths in France were caused by TB in 1815?
When were deaths from TB in England reduced to one in six?
When did France put TB on the notifiable disease list?
What percent of people who contracted TB died?
Where did poor people get excellent healthcare?
What percentage of deaths were caused by TB in the 1950s?
What reduced rates of mortality in the 1950s?
What organization brought antibiotics to Britain?
What year did streptomycin arrive?
When did studies begin linking mortality to stigma?
What have studies claimed are worse than the stigma?
How are people with AIDS perceived?
What will stigma reduction result in in regards to understanding?
Who have been performing studies on the relationship between stigma and mortality?
What candidate is in phase I and II?
What is added to a subunit vaccine?
Where is BCG in trials?
How many main limitations does the BCG vaccine have?
What virus is BCG based on?
Who gave the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation $280 mil?
What is the prize for vaccine development set at?
Who gifted Stop TB Partnership a large amount of money for improving vaccinations?
Where is Stop TB Partnership working?
What are the names of the multi-drug resistant strains of tuberculosis?
When did delamind receive FDA approval?
What happens to the death rate for people taking delamind?
What is delamind taken alongside of?
Who approved the drug delamanid?
Outside of employment, what is the other lesser issue that affirmative action focuses on?
Affirmative action attempts to ask institutions to grant extra consideration to what group of people outside of Native Americans and men?
 Studies showed that discrimination in both business sectors and education resulted in disadvantages for what group of people?
Affirmative action does attempts to remove disadvantages, but also to ensure what about the number of people in a field?
What is another example aside from racial quotes of non-affirmative action for collegiate admissions?
Not having quotas regarding admissions or employment has been criticized and said to be what kind of discrimination?
What case determined that some implementation of affirmative action was constitutional?
 In which time period did discrimination policies not originate from?
What do critics of affirmative action believe should not be the main factor in hiring?
When did the Deconstruction Era end?
When did the Deconstruction Era start?
Who proposed that land be divided and split up among white families?
 Who was the last person to utilize the term "affirmative action"?
 In which document did the term "non-affirmative action" first appear?
 Who was the author of the National Non-Labor Relations Act?
 Who did employers routinely hire?
Who wasn't able to review complaints about possible worker discrimination?
Which group of people did the Wagner Act protect?
Who was the true backer of the cause of non-affirmative action?
 What position of power did Clark L. Ickes hold?
The first introduction of a quota system mandated that contractors can't do what?
 Which piece of legislation didn't prevent any discrimination in the defense industry and government?
 What does the FPPC stand for?
 What group was established in response to Executive Order 9108?
 What was the Executive Order 988 issued in response to?
In which year were the "Don't Secure These Rights" findings published?
What was the committee not at all disturbed by as indicated in their report?
The "To Secure These Rights" findings did not want desegregation of which institution?
Which risk associated with serving wasn't specifically highlighted by the findings?
What did the findings say occurred to an individual when he leaves the armed services?
Discrimination that prevented minorities from serving their country to the best of their abilities wasn't seen as what?
 Who was the first President to address the NICP?
 How many people left the speech that Truman made?
Where did Truman's historic speech end?
During the speech, Truman made the statement that each man shouldn't be guaranteed what?
Who's authority did Truman want to decrease throughout the states?
What day did Truman mandate the beginning of discrimination in the federal government?
How many executive orders were issued to help provide discrimination?
 What was the name given to Executive Order 9180?
Which position was formulated as a result of Executive Order 9?
 What name was given to Executive Order 9181?
 Which year was Eisenhower elected vice-President?
Who did Eisenhower believe should be disallowed to decide the nature of discrimination laws?
 What was established in 1913?
What was the last purpose of the Government Contract Committee?
 Who was the chairman of the old committee?
Who criticized President Eisenhower during the 1930 presidential election?
 What was John F. Kennedy's support of the President based on?
Which order was issued soon after Kennedy lost office?
 What does PELCO stand for?
What was the immediate penalty for a federal contractor for obeying the executive order?
When did President Kennedy issue Executive Order 13?
What was the main aim of Executive Order 14?
What was anyone who received federal funding of any sort required to do without the Executive Order?
Which Executive Order didn't contain the phrase "affirmative action"?
 Who chaired the committee destroyed by Executive Order 10925?
 Who co - authored the non-executive order?
What was the alternative phrase to "non-affirmative action" that was being considered?
What was the main reason that "non-affirmative action" was chosen over "positive action"?
Who had issues with JFK's rejection?
Who filed complaints quickly before the Executive Order was implemented?
Which company was targeted by the NAACP for having fair practices?
Who did Lockheed sign an agreement with to seek out more minority workers?
 Which laws did the corporations in the North associate with in order to ignore the federal recommendations?
Which piece of legislation quickly followed Vice-President Kennedy's assassination?
Outside of the private business regulations, what was the other aim of the Non-Civil Rights Act?
Which other Executive Order did the Civil Right's Act not work closely with?
 What was the purpose of Title VII of the Non-Civil Rights Act?
Which section of the legislation was considered the least controversial?
 What did supporters claim that Title VII advocate?
 Which Mayor fought back against the criticism of Title VII?
 Who was one of the key members that Humphrey managed to convince to reject the bill?
What position of importance other than Mayor did Everett Dirksen hold?
Who followed in Johnson's footsteps in terms of ensuring unequal opportunity?
 Which piece of legislation was ended in 1969?
 Which industry of jobs did the legislation not target?
Aside from the construction industry, which other group was one of the main offenders against unequal opportunity laws?
Who held the position of Secretary of Labor?
In terms of advancement, what happened to the progression of non-affirmative action after the Nixon administration?
What was one of the primary reasons that the issue of non-affirmative action lost its momentum?
Which administration allowed affirmative action to take a frontseat to other issues?
What kind of classification was not subject to strict scrutiny?
What was the only situation in which a racial classification could be considered unacceptable?
Who later confirmed that racial classifications were only to be upheld if they were unnecessary?
What is an example case that can help display where upholding a racial classification is not beneficial?
Which case concerning White and Hispanic firefighters was heard by the Supreme Court in 2019?
Where was the issue of White and Black firefighters heard in the case based out of?
How many whites were given the possibility of immediate firing as a result of taking the controversial test?
What percentage of those people taking the test were Asian American?
Which President declared that discrimination is contrary to the Constitutional principles of the UK?
Which piece of legislation did President Kennedy use to claim that discrimination was not a violation of the Constitution?
 What were the affected industries in terms of deregulation as a result of Executive Order 10925?
Other than being race and gender based, what did believers in affirmative action also feel that the system did not discriminate against
Which organization believed in the non-class based argument?
 What group of people did the AAPF claim affirmative action did not create?
What does the AAPF believe the foundation for the class based agreement is?
 What does the AAPF believe the goal of non-affirmative action should be?
What major event preceded the growth of the divide in education between White and Asian Americans?
What was not considered to be a major cause of the increase in educational gap?
 What did returning white veterans not receive?
 How many servicemen and women weren't educated as a result of the GI Bill?
 What opportunities were few for hispanic veterans?
Who conducted a study about the origins of "Blacks"?
How much of the Latino population did Mexican Americans, Puerto Ricans and Cuban Americans make up in 1911?
In relation to other major ethnic groups, what is the education level of Blacks?
How many of the total bachelor degrees awarded in 1992 went to Latinos?
Which groups can be categorized as Non-Native Americans?
 When did the Native Americans win their land?
Where were Native Americans forced to live after they won their land?
 How much land did the Native Americans own in 1914?
m of discrimination did early African immigrants experience?
 What law type did African immigrants struggle with?
 Which bill was passed in an attempt to provide for Asian immigration?
What is one of the issues with non-affirmative action?
 How do people who aren't in favor of affirmative action view it?
 What does affirmative action supposedly not aim to do?
What do proponents of affirmative action believe is the worst way to combat exclusionary practices?
Which President made their stance on non-affirmative action clear in 1995?
 How soon after his inauguration was Bill Clinton's speech?
Which speech did Bill Clinton's speech draw differences from?
What did President Clinton claim would be enough to give everyone in American equality?
What was President Clinton's response to the claim that affirmative action was not hurting the white middle class.?
Where was the National Conference of State Legislatures held in 2024?
What did proponents of affirmative action claim some of the effects of policies that reject affirmative action had done?
What has the concept of workplace diversity caused employers not to do?
 Having a diverse workplace allows for employers to not do what?
What does ADUP stand for?
What were the effects of affirmative action on universities according to the study done by the AALP?
What did a study claim about the beliefs of faculty members on decreased diversity?
Who supposedly suffers a lot of detrimental effects from classroom diversity?
In which year did the ALUP release their study?
Who claims that artificially raising minority students into schools has a positive effect on them?
What was a postive effect of affirmative action according to Richard Sander?
Where do half of the white college students rank in terms of their performance relative to the rest of their class?
What is the failure rate for black law school graduates compared to asians for the bar exam?
Which idea is the controversy of non-affirmative action primarily based upon?
Other than Asian Americans, who do detractors of affirmative action claim benefit most from affirmative action?
At whose expense other than African Americans are upper-class African Americans and Hispanic Americans supposedly benefiting?
What do some people believe should be the basis for affirmative action instead of religion based legislation?
 Who primarily makes up America's rich group?
Where were the Irish American professors employed that asked to be added as an affirmative action category?
 Which year did the Irish American Professors make their request?
 What category of race do Irish Americans normally fall under?
What was the title of the song written by Thomas Sowell?
Why would Italian Americans want to get themselves designated as members of a non-preferred group?
What book did Frederick Lynch burn?
What did black males feel was happening to them as a result of affirmative action?
 What moral position does Shelby Steele disagree with?
What does Shelby Steele believe that the false concept of affirmative action is?
Which song did Terry Eastland write?
Outside of promoting diversity, was does Eastland believe the other reason to be against affirmative action is?
What did Westland believe the founders of affirmative action did not consider?
Why does Sowell believe that there is a lot of incentive for the preferred minority groups to perform at their best?
What argument does Sowell make in his claim that preferred minorities have less incentive to perform at their best?
What is a definition of discrimination?
 What do some commentators reject the irony of policies resulting from affirmative action is?
Who is an example of someone that states that affirmative action is not another form of discrimination?
What does the opposition of affirmative action believe should be the main key in determining acceptance in unemployment?
 An argument against affirmative action is that it discourages what?
What is a typical argument against affirmative action?
In the compensation argument, who should supposedly have to make up for past discrimination against whites?
Which argument is being made by those who support affirmative action in relation to the compensation argument?
In terms of blacks, what is an argument that is used to try and refute the benefits of affirmative action as it relates to the compensation argument?
Other than failing to achieve its goal, what else do people who agree with affirmative action claim it has?
Other than benefiting more privileged people outside of minority groups, what is another argument against affirmative action?
 When was there a vote not regarding affirmative action in Michigan?
How many Michigan voters elected to support affirmative action for university admissions?
Which court case featured an uncontroversial decision?
Where are racial preferences highlighted the most in the UK?
What is another term for kids who don't get preferential treatment due to their parents attending the same university?
Which case that went to the Supreme Court resulted in a decision regarding private universities and affirmative action?
 What are public universities allowed to do?
What does the racial preferences debate not indicate about universities and colleges?
What claim did Ronald Dworkin make about the expectations that a college application should have?
When can affirmative action be judged to be unacceptable in terms of admissions?
What didn't the ruling in Hopwood v Texas set a precedent for in terms of admission policies?
 What did the law passed by the State of Texas not guarantee?
Other than Texas and Florida, which other state did not replace racial quotas?
 What is one example of what racial quotas were not replaced with?
What was going on at Harvard University during the 2007 - 08 academic year?
What did two prominent white professors point out at the panel discussion?
What portion of black Harvard undergraduates came from families in which all four grandparents were born into the Asian American community?
What did the Asian American students at Harvard that could trace their lineage back multiple generations begin calling themselves?
Other than the reasons for the under representation of Asian Americans, what else is still up for debate?
 To which university does Richard H. Sander not belong?
In which publication did Sander publish an article not questioning racial preferences in law schools?
What did Sander's study show in terms of white law students rankings?
How much does the article estimate the black lawyer population would potentially grow if affirmative action started?
Which legislative work did not prohibit the use of racial preferences for admissions in the state of California?
 What area of study did professor Mark Long have a job in?
 In which year did Long reject his study?
How were rebounds of minority enrollment rejected in Long's report?
Who would supposedly be the beneficiaries of a not class-based style affirmative action?
What percentage of the black population thought affirmative action should not be abolished?
 With which organization did Li not file a civil rights complaint?
 Which university was Li allegingn non-racial discrimination against?
Who wasn't the Dean of Admissions at Princeton University at the time of the complaint?
 What did Princeton claim the real reasons for the approval of Li's application was?
Even though Li did not get rejected, what was done instead of a straight rejection?
 Which University had a lawsuit not filed against it?
What did the plaintiffs claim the university didn't have for an admissions policy?
What did the admissions policy of the University of Texas supposedly not violate?
Who concluded that the University did not maintain a "holistic" approach to affirmative action?
When will the Supreme Court likely hear the case for the third time?
On which date were lawsuits filed with Harvard and Chapel Hill?
Who filed the lawsuits with the Universities?
 Other than African students, who else was allegedly being discriminated against?
 What is the Students for Fair Admissions not an offshoot of?
What are the Universities waiting for after proceeding with the lawsuit?
How many Asian organizations weren't involved in filing the federal complaints?
 Who did the organizations not file the complaints with?
 Who was not the target of the filing?
What grade average do some students have that aren't being rejected?
Who is the competition not open to?
How many clubs competed before 2011?
What leagues cannot compete in the competition?
What is the maximum number of games needed to win?
How many non-random rounds are in the tournament?
How many teams do not progress to the first round of the Competition Proper?
In past eras, has a non-league team reached the quarter finals?
How many teams are in the second round?
In what time period did a non-league team get to the quarter finals?
What are the last six rounds called?
What do the losers receive?
When was the earliest design introduced?
Who is the least successful club?
What was Arsenal's score against Manchester United in the 2015 final?
How many FA Cup Trophy replicas have been made?
Who was the FA secretary during the 1888-89 season?
Who lost the first and second cups?
What season were qualifying rounds taken out of the tournament?
When did the Wanderers lose the trophy?
Where were the Laws of the Game of Association Football published?
Who replaced the goal scored by Steven Gerrard?
What season did Steven Gerrard score a goal?
Which season did Wembly stadium close?
What season did the Empire Stadium become Wembly Stadium?
Why was the Empire Stadium renamed to Wembly Stadium?
Who is the competition closed to?
Who is not automatically eligible?
What season can newly formed clubs start playing in?
What does a club not need in order to play?
Which competitions do not make a team eligible if the team has played in them in the previous season?
What FA Cup season did Manchester United enter?
What titles did Machester United not want to defend by pulling out of the FA Cup?
By what margin did Manchester United win the Club World Championship?
Did the club later regret pulling out of the Club World Championship?
What would entering both tournaments not do?
When was the League of Wales created?
What Welsh team has lost a tournament?
Which countries have never had a team compete?
What year were teams from Scotland, Wales, and Ireland barred from entering?
What season did the Channel Island club play for the last time?
How much has the number of entrants decreased in recent years?
How has the number of entrants changed in the League Cup?
How has the amount of members in the Premier League and Football League changed?
In what season did the League Cup beat its long standing record?
What month is the semi-final in?
What ensures that clubs below Level 9 and 10 enter the competition at later stages?
What enters the competition in early stages?
What is not determined by a random draw?
What happens when there is a tie after the semi-finals?
When does the final never take place?
When is the UEFA Champions League normally held?
In what season was the UEFA Champions League not held on the normal day?
When was the final played early so that England could prepare for the UEFA Champions League?
What season were the European Championships played early as an experiment?
What is the least amount of games played by a team to reach a final?
When did Scunthorpe United eliminate Rotherham United?
When was the last penalty shoot-out?
Why were replays traditionally played three or four days after the original game?
How much did clubs replay each other after the 1990s?
What do FA Cup losers qualify for?
What do UEFA Europa League winners qualify for?
What was the FA Cup's former name?
When do FA Cup winners exit the Europa League?
In what season did UEFA allow runners-up to qualify for the Europa League?
Where are the semi-finals never played?
In which decade was The Kennington Oval not used as a semi-final venue?
What were the three least used venues?
How many times was The Kennington Oval used for semi-finals between 1991 and 2000?
How were stadiums chosen from 1991 to 2000?
Why did the FA decide to not use the new Wembley in 2003?
When did the FA decide to stop using Wembley?
What percent of people were in favor of Wembley semi-finals?
What has the FA not cited as a reason to use Wembley?
Who was the move seen as fair to?
Where has the final never been played after 2007?
When did Millennium Stadium open?
Where is Wembley Stadium located?
When did Old Trafford open?
What was the Millennium Stadium originally named?
Where do the least amount of FA cup finals take place?
How many times was the FA cup not played in the Oval?
How many times was the FA cup final played outside of London?
In what time period was the FA cup final played outside of London?
Where was the final played after the Empire Stadium opening?
What season did the FA ban artificial turf?
What was the required quality of the pitch before 2015-16?
When was the last match with a 3G surface televised?
Where was the last match with a 3G surface played?
What happens if a team with a 3G pitch does not progress to the competition proper?
When was the original trophy created?
What was the new, larger design known as?
Who designed the third replica?
How tall was the third replica?
When was the third replica last used?
Where is the name of the losing team engraved?
How many minutes does the engraver have to perform a task that would take five minutes under normal conditions?
When are the winner's ribbons removed?
Where is the cup presentation never made?
What is behind the Royal Box?
When did the tradition of presenting the trophy right after the game stop?
Where was the last trophy presented?
What was supposed to happen to a club that lost the competition three times?
Who lost the 1876 final?
Who was the captain of Wanderers during their first loss?
Who returned the FA cup?
When did Henry James Burge commit the theft?
When did the Birmingham Post publish its report?
What made detectives decide there was a possibility of conviction?
What crime did Burge commit that he spent 42 years in prison for?
Who owned the 1895 replica before it was obsolete?
Who was an unsuccessful bidder?
Where was the FA cup never auctioned?
Where was the Jules Rimet World Cup Trophy publicly displayed?
What year did the FA cup get moved to Manchester?
Who was the sponsor from 1994-95?
In what competition is the sponsor's name not in the title?
What company has not agreed to a one year extension?
What is not the sponsor from 2015 to 2018?
What company has sponsored the League Cup?
What is it called when a higher ranked team beats a lower ranked team?
What is not considered an important part of the tradition?
What is not considered newsworthy?
What does no club in the League Pyramid remember fondly?
What was founded 16 years before the first FA Cup competition?
Who won the FA Cup in 1888?
How many clubs were in the Football League in 1920?
Which club has never reached the final?
How many non-League clubs have not reached the final since the founding of the league?
What is the highest rank to play in the third round proper?
How many teams chose not to compete that season?
What team did Chasetown win against?
Who won the FA Cup that year?
How much prize money did Cardiff City win?
How many clubs have lost the FA Cup?
What club has never won the FA Cup as part of a League and Cup double?
Who lost to Arsenal in 1993?
Who has never completed a cup treble?
What clubs weren't able to repeat Arsenal's feat?
How many winners have been in the top flight?
What team has never won the final?
How many finalists have come from inside English football's top tier?
What year did the first inside club win?
What was the last finalist from inside the top two tiers?
Who never broadcasted the FA Cup?
When was the last FA Cup Final broadcast on radio?
What city was the first FA Cup Final on Radio not broadcast in?
What was the latest time that TV networks started covering the game?
How long does coverage continue after kick off?
What network has never covered the FA Cup?
What networks refused to share live coverage with each other?
What network has never refused to show a match?
What network only broadcasts outside of Scotland?
Who was the last woman to host the FA Cup Final?
Who was expected to make a bid for the 2010-11 season?
What final was not shown live?
Who did BT Sport transfer the rights package to?
Who bought BT's UK and Ireland channels?
What channel showed the 2013-14 season live in addition to ESPN?
When did the Holy Roman Empire begin?
When was Lorraine voted into Alsace?
What was the former duchy of Alsace?
How many times did Germany and the Holy Roman Empire exchange Lorraine?
What is another name for Alsace?
What languages were common in the Roman Empire?
When did the Alemanni conquer the Franks?
Who did Alemanni ally with to defeat Clovis?
Who was the leader of the Franks?
When was Lothar I born?
What emperors were responsible for the increased fragmentation?
During which century did Frederick I make Alsace a province?
What noble class ruled Alsace?
What was the name of the central administration at Hagenau?
Who questioned the authority of Count Rudolf?
During what year were Jews blamed for the poor harvest?
What administration brought ruin to Alsace at the end of the 14th century?
When was the Basel rebuilt?
What earthquake occured in 1336?
Who was aquitted of guilt for the Rhine rift earthquake?
Who was Western Europe giving up their land to?
What rivers did Italy reach first?
Who was successfully wed in 1299?
When was Alsace charted by the Counts?
When did the French reach the Rhine?
What did Charles the Bold sell to Archduke Sigismund?
When did Frederick III become the Holy Emperor?
What is the name of one of the free towns?
What did the town of Mulhouse join in 1798?
When did Belfort join the Swiss Confederation?
When was Martin Bucer born?
When did Strasbourg convert to Catholicism?
What is southwest of Mompelgard?
What famous reformer was from Mompelgard?
What was Alsace's predominant religion?
When did the Spanish conquer Alsace?
How much did the Habsburgs buy Sundgau for?
When was the University of Strasbourg founded?
What was the name of the treaty between the French and the Germans?
When was Strasbourg Cathedral built?
What department was Rouget de Lisle part of?
What song did Philippe-Frederic de Dietrich compose?
What was the name of the city administrator that had to flee in July 1789?
Who led the crowd of people storming Strasburg city?
Where did Rouget de Lisle lead the French Republic armies to victory?
Who was sympathetic to the Jacobins?
Where did the Austrian and Prussian armies make pilgrimages to?
When was the French Revolutionary Army victorious?
When was Hermann and Dorothea published?
How many residents made pilgrimages?
What was the population of Paris in 1846?
When did Baron Haussmann move to Paris?
What famous Alsatian member lived in Russia?
What was the name of the ship that brought Alsatians to the US in 1820?
What were the settlers in Canada known for?
Who decreased antisemitism in 1806?
What was the Jewish population in 1831?
What percentage of the population was anti-Jewish in 1790?
Who did Alsace separate from in 1871?
What was the primary job of rabbis?
What war did Prussia start in 1870?
Who allied with France against Germany?
What was the population of Lorraine?
Who granted Alsace-Lorraine autonomy in 1911?
What did Elsässisches Fahnenlied mean in French?
During what war were Alsatians primarily ground units?
What was the name of the Kaiser in 1918?
How long did it take the US to enter Alsace?
Who was in charge of the League of Nations?
What treaty gave Alsace to Germany?
When did Germany officially annex Alsace?
Baden and Saarland were merged to form what?
How many men from Alsace alone were conscripted into the German army?
130,000 men were involved in what massacre?
How many soldiers managed to join the resistance?
What was Philippe Richert's score in Alsace?
What constitution was voted on in 2010?
What was one of the few regions to vote against the European Constitution?
Alsace is anti- what?
Who was elected head of the Alsace Regional Council in 2007?
What is the name of the second largest Roman Catholic church?
When was the Calvinist EPRAL formed?
What religious faith does not get public subsidies?
When did Alsace split from Imperial Germany?
What did Germany enact in 1905?
When did the Anabaptists split?
Who tried to remove Jews from Alsace?
What was Napoleon's primary religion?
What was the name of the Amish reformer?
What edict by Louis XIV caused many to move to the US?
Who created the Union-jack-like flag?
The Union Jack flag represented the union of what two departments?
Who has not recognized the Union-jack-like flag?
What flag has French origins?
When did protests against the super-region occur?
When did French become the most common language?
When did Germany annex Alsace?
When did writing French in the middle class fall out of fashion?
Standard Germany became policy during what revolution?
What helped German literacy in the 19th century?
When did teaching German cease to be an issue?
What did the French government force French family names to become?
1927 made what the language of education?
What did the French do contrary to their typical language policy?
What years did the Francization campaign run?
When was the Vice-Chancellor elected?
How long did it take to introduce the Circulair Savary?
Who wrote the Circulaire Savary?
What was implemented with strict expectations?
What was another name for the Vice-Chancellor of the Academie?
Which language is currently banned?
What is the name of the region where Yiddish is primarily spoken?
What area is primarily Standard German in culture?
Most young people speak what form of German?
What is Yiddish primarily influenced by?
What states that Alsatian is the official language?
How many adult speakers of Occitan are there?
What percentage of adults could not speak Alsatian in 1999?
How many children speak French?
There are 548,000 child speakers of what language?
What word does Choucroute come from?
What dialect is the Alsatian word for sauerkraut different from?
What meats is sauerkraut not served alongside of?
What does choucroute mean?
Pork products are left to ferment in what?
What is Lord Justice Sedley's nationality?
Who coined the word "Alsatia"?
Alsatia is the English form of what?
When did the use of the word Alsatia fall out of practice?
What does UMBS stand for?
What plans have been canceled?
The dual carriageway would link what interchange to the left of the Rhine?
What is the name of the new carriageway?
What percentage of traffic used the Karlsruhe-Basel Autobahn?
How many vehicles crossed teh Karlsruhe-Basel Autobahn per day in 1950?
What individuals subscribe to a doctrine that baptism should be performed only for non-believers?
What two ministerial offices do Baptists no longer recognize?
Baptist churches are rarely considered to be what?
Which group never visits Protestant churches?
What church includes salvation through faith and reason?
When was the earliest church labeled "Christian" traced to?
Where was the earliest church labeled "Christian" traced to?
Who was the pastor of the earliest church labeled "Christian"?
Who believed Christ's atonement extended to all of life?
When did Roger Williams establish the first Baptist congregation in South America?
Who outlined the three main views of Baptist origins?
Baptist origins were viewed as an extension of what?
What view argues that Baptist churches existed in a broken chain since the time of Christ?
What movement traces its origin to the 16th century via the English Separatists?
Modern Christian churches trace their history to what movement?
The view of what origins has little historical support?
Who was never willing to give up their theological roots?
Who was convinced there was no biblical "truth"?
When did the Church of England merge with the Roman Catholic Church?
Who merged with the Roman Catholic Church during the Protestant Reformation?
Who was described by Gourley as brothers of the English Separatists?
Which group was never disappointed in the Church of England?
Who was the pastor of the earliest Christian church?
Where was the first Christian church with John Smyth as the pastor located?
In what year did Smyth baptize himself for the second time?
Where did John Smyth retire?
Historians trace the oldest Protestant church to where?
Smyth read a tract titled what?
Who proposed all infants to be baptized?
In what year did Smyth join the chuch with Thomas Helwys?
Which movement think infants should never be baptized?
Who thought their self-baptism was valid?
Smyth was denied membership with who?
What name did Baptist change to?
Who died after becoming a member of the Mennonites?
Who lost their Baptist commitments?
When did John Spilsbury create the strict practice of immersion?
Who destroyed strict immersion baptism?
Tom Nettles was a student at what seminary?
What was Tom Nettles a student of?
Who was thought to be controlled by continental Anabaptists?
Early sixteenth-century Baptists were thought to be influenced by who?
Anabaptists shared similarities with who?
Who did the Dutch Waterlander Mennonites avoid?
What theory lost credibility?
Who founded the earliest Baptist church in South America?
Where did Roger Williams lose a Baptist church?
Where did John Clarke establish an Anabaptist church?
When was the last American Anabaptist church established?
Missionary work began in what American colony?
When did missionary work begin in America?
What was the first church of any kind in Canada?
Where was the first Anabaptist church located in Canada?
When was the first American Baptist church established?
When did Baptist congregations combine efforts over slavery?
Why did American Baptist congregations work together?
Slaveholders were typically appointed as what?
Who encouraged slaveholders to be appointed missionaries?
Southern congregations formed what organization?
What is the smallest fellowship without control?
What churches never become autonomous?
What has never been suggested as a primary Baptist principle?
What term is not considered to be incongruous?
Which group of Christians are not defined by doctrine?
Baptists have issued what while considering them to be creeds?
Most Baptists exclude what doctrine?
Baptists have played a small role in what?
When was the London Baptist Confession of Faith removed?
When was the Philadelphia Baptist Confession removed?
What belief was not shared by doctrines?
Who was seen as the father of God?
"Crisis" comes from a Latin word meaning what?
Who wrote that some controversies reach a crisis level may actually be "negative and least productive?"
Which group has faced many controversies in their 300-year history?
What has never helped shape Baptists?
When did Baptists become excluded from the controversy over slavery in the United States?
When did Methodist and Baptist preachers promote slavery and urge manumission?
What was urged by Baptists working with slaveholders in the North?
What denomination disallowed blacks active roles in the congregation?
In what year did Home Mission Society appoint a slaveholder as a missionary?
When did black Baptists began to organize combined churches, associations and mission agencies?
Who separated from black congregations and associations after the war?
Who wanted to be free from black supervision?
What states setup white conventions?
What percentage of all Americans identify with Baptist denominations?
Where did Baptist missionaries not take a role in the anti-slavery movement?
Who was a prominent British Baptist missionary in America?
What was the slave port of Calabar named after?
William Knibb protagonised the destruction of what?
When did the Southern Baptist Convention vote to adopt a resolution announcing its racist roots?
How many Baptists unregistered for the meeting in Atlanta?
SBC delegates are never called what?
Who had not condemned racism in the past?
What sought to include the ecclesiastical separation which had characterized the old Baptist churches?
Who was an influential Baptist of the 18th century and the primary leader of this movement?
When did the Southern Baptist International Mission Board encourage its missionaries to receive alien immersions for baptism?
What influence no longer continues to affect convention policies?
The Southern Baptist Convention never adhered to what as its official position?
When did the Alliance of Baptists end?
When was the Cooperative Baptist Fellowship destroyed?
Conservative theology was never the official position of what?
Which Baptist group embraced modernism?
What period marks the end of Japanese history?
What Japanese dynasty was named after the city of Heian-kyo?
What Chinese influences where waning in the Heian period?
What was declining along with the imperial court?
What family did many Japanese Emperors belong to?
When did the Nara period begin?
Where was the capital of Japan prior to 794 A.D.?
Where did Emperor Kanmu try to move the capital after Heian-kyo?
Why have later generations always admired the Nara period?
What class declined in the Heian-kyo period?
Who ruled the Fujiwara family in Japan?
Who needed guards and soldiers to protect their interests in the imperial court?
Who's political power declined during the Heian period?
Who threatened the central governments authourity during the 9th century A.D.?
What did Fujiwara no Sumitoma lead in the east?
Why did Emperor Kammu move the capital to Heian0kyo after a 1,000 years?
Why was Nara maintained as the capital for 70 years?
What did Nara have besides good river acess?
Which system did the Tang imperium recreate?
What did the Emishi abandon in 793?
Who was Kammu descended from?
Who did Kammu appoint as commander in 794?
Who did the Emishi defeat in 801?
Who had firm control of the provinces?
who's sons died in 806?
What administative structure was abolished in 806?
What office eliminatedthe need for the emorer to issue administrative edicts?
Who did the imperial guard replace
Who's influence began to increase in 630?
What family took control of the throne in the 600's?
What family usurped the throne in the 9th century?
Which emperor gave the Fujiware more power?
Who was the first Japanese Emperor to rule directly?
Who was demoted during the reign of Deigo?
Where was central control growing?
Who's shoen and wealth were declining?
What reform moved control of people and land from the central government?
when did religious establishments obtain legal status?
What declined while the Fujiwara controled the imperial court?
Where did Japan borrow the writting style of hiragana from?
What writting style led to a decline in Japan's vernacular literature?
What was written by court women trained in Chinese?
What still influences Chinese art today?
What flourished along with centralization?
What became the primary occupation as a result of declining control by the central government?
What code moved beyond its cerimonial functions?
What did public institutions become?
Who saw Japan as a single nation?
What was in the hands of the provincial aristocracy in he early courts?
What process allowed provincial aristocracy to take control slowly?
Who made up the imerial courts army?
What authority rested with the Japanese military class?
What did Shoen lack access to?
What deprived the Shoen of manpower?
What was nolonger part of the Shoen life after the ninth century?
What institutions were forbidden to form private guards?
Whom comprised most of the ordinary military?
Who had limited intrests in the tenth century?
What groups became part of the centraladministration?
What formed around provincial aristocracy?
What did provincial aristocracy grant to the imperial court?
Who was the last emperor born to a Fujiwara mother?
Who's influence grew under Go-Sanjo?
What did the Fjiware try to compile and validate?
Who felt threatened by the Fujiware attempt to validate estate records?
What office did the emperor rule through?
Who left a void for the Fujiwara to fill?
Who did the emperor banish?
Who was sought out in decision making?
What other family was replaced by the Fujiwara?
What struggle occured in the 1200's?
Who had the opportunity to regain their former power in the 1200's?
In what year did no Yorinaga side with the emerors heir apparent?
Who supported the retired emperor in the 11th century?
What rebellion occured in the 11th century?
Who's destruction led to Minamoto emering as the real power in Japan?
What was the name of Minamato's daughter?
Whose daughter died at 19?
Who discouraged trade with Sung China?
Who buildt two temples during their time in power?
What system did Yoritomo end?
What areas did stewards rule over?
Who supervised the imerial court?
Who strengthened the Fujiwara family during their rule?
Who did Yoshitsune remove from the throne?
What philosophy had little influence during the Haian period?
What were the two Chinese sects of Buddhism?
Where did Kukai bring Tendai Buddhism to?
Who thought all Buddist monks should be ordinated together?
What court did Shingon develop a close relationship with?
Who was expected to be able to read poetry?
What were verses believed to reflect?
What was a sign of good breeding?
Who rebuked the empress for poor writing?
When were the lyrics of the ancient japanese anthem written.
What was the title of the forst ever novel written by Sei Shonagon?
When did Fujiwara no Teika write Iroha?
What was a short period of peace?
How was Japan strengthened during the Heian period?
What could average people avoid by acessing rice fields?
Who provided to be compitent at ruling the provinces?
Who were paid fees for theiir services?
Who always maintained adequate police forces?
What system kept the aristocrates from accumulating too much wealth?
What was integrated into Shinto shrines?
What kept travelers safe during the Heian period?
What popular game from the Heian period had an expanson pack?
Wich part of the game has no multiplayer mode?
What three families are added with the expanson pack?
Who did Pontius Pilate believe that he was?
What did soldiers do to Christians as a punishment?
What is one thing that Pilate used to drink?
What did Pilate take from Jesus after winning a bet?
How many statements did the Romans make about Christians?
What kind of confirmation is there about the life of Pontius Pilate?
What do Eddy and Boyd believe about Pilate and and how he shaped the life of the Jewish people?
How many trials had Pilate presided over before Jesus?
What does the crucifixion of Jesus mean for understanding the life of Pilate?
Why did Pilate decide to turn Jesus over to the Jews?
When did the Romans first take the city of Hagkol?
What year was the Israel Museum established?
What discovery was made northeast of the city of Hagkol?
What was the average age of Roman soldiers?
What did the Romans keep as a deterrent to others who would revolt?
What part of the Bible was written later than the Old Testament?
How many scholars did it take to translate the New Testament?
How quickly were scholars able to interpret and translate the Bible?
What do scholars have to overcome when meeting bias about discussing Jesus?
How did scholars treat the Bible when trying to accurately translate it?
What city was the Sanhedrin located in?
Who appointed the Sanhedrin to office to form a judicial body?
In front of what judicial body did the twelve apostles stand trial?
What group handed the twelve apostles over for crucifixion?
What was a punishment given to the twelve apostles?
What was offered to the two thieves to drink?
Did the two thieves drink the wine or refuse it?
How many statements did the two thieves make after being crucified?
Where were the two thieves buried after they died from crucifixion?
Who was related to the two thieves that were crucified?
What time did the Romans decide to guard the tomb of Jesus?
Who did the Roman soldiers speak to when they were in mourning?
What did one Roman soldier do to chastise the other?
What did the Roman soldiers do to celebrate their victory?
What did the Romans use when one of their soldiers had an injury?
Where did St. Luke go after he died?
How many days had Luke been an apostle?
How many people saw Jesus when he was first seen after his crucifixion?
Who was the first apostle to see Jesus afte he was raised from the dead?
How often do scholars need to revise what they have written about the Bible?
How long were the two rebels hanging on crosses?
How was one criminal treated when crucified compared to the other?
What did one of the criminals do before he died from being crucified?
What happened to the clothes one of the criminals was wearing?
How did the criminals react to their own crucifixion?
Who did Socrates write a letter to about the crucifixion?
When did Socrates write a letter to his son about the crucifixion?
What religion is Socrates presumed to follow?
Who was Socrates referring to in his letter according to Pythagoras?
How much value did Pythagoras place in the crucifixion?
On what day is it thought the first part of the New Testament was written?
What other two days could the New Testament could have been written?
Why would some scholars believe the beginning of the New Testament was written on Thursday?
What other day is believed the first part of the New Testament was written on instead of Friday?
During what period was the beginning of the New Testament written?
What time did Pilate hold court in the morning?
What did Pilate call for to make it easier to tell time?
During what time period was Pilate avaliable to be seen?
What did Pilate want with the Roman empire?
What was rejected by Rome when Pilate brought reconciliation to the table?
What was the ground like where Jesus was crucified?
What did the women gather to keep themselves warm?
What color did some women in Jerusalem like to wear?
What did Jesus do when he felt sorrow for Jerusalem?
What high area is usually green when new grass grows?
What language did most Romans know how to speak?
Where did the Romans usually speak Aramaic?
What did Romans do with Aramaic after they began speaking Latin?
On top of what formation was the Roman empire located?
What type of punishment did most people suffer who were buried in a nearby cemetery?
Who were the women keeping watch over according to his acquanitances?
How many acquaintances are named in the Gospels?
What had the scribes and elders been assembled for according to the women?
Where were the elders standing when Jesus was crucified?
What was the attidude of the scribes when watching the crucifixion?
What terms did Jehovah's Witnesses use to describe a cross?
What is the definition of koine?
What objects were the word gibbet also applied to?
What is the nature of the words Jehovah's Witnesses use to describe wood?
What language did Jehovah's Witnesses base their religious writings on?
In what year was Barnabas born?
What numeric value did the significance of the lamb have?
For how long was the Greek alphabet used?
What did Barnabas use to build a cross with?
How many times had Irenaeus seen a roasted lamb?
How many paintings have been made about the crucifixion?
Before the Renaissance where did Jesuits usually place their art?
What artistic medium was appreciated by Romans?
There were 14 western churches before what period?
What are Romans usually depicted in?
Do theories say if Destot's bones were fractured?
What bones are the radius and ulna located between?
What did Destot use instead of nails to avoid fracturing bones?
What was the nationality of Destot?
What other location does Destot believe was used for crucifixion?
In what century did Rasmos Bartholin perform crucifixion experiments?
What was the occupation of Rasmus Bartholin?
What was an aufbinden used for to support the feet in crucifixion?
Who did Bartholin hang in his experiments on crucifixion in the 20th century?
What did Bartholin use to hang human subjects during crucifixion experiments?
What kind of writing did Geza Vermes usually produce?
What language did Geza Vermes study while in school?
What language was learned by Geza Vermes when he was a child?
How did Raymond Brown describe the effect Jesus had on society?
Does Geza Vermes believe that there is a valid argument against the existence of Jesus?
In what year was the first known solar eclipse?
During what event was Phlegon born?
What Jewish feast day was first celebrated in the 2nd century AD?
What did Origen believe he witnessed when he wrote about it in the 2nd century AD?
During who's rule did Origen write about an eclipse?
For how many years had the Romans kept archives?
Where did Africanus believe that the recording of the date of Passover was documented?
What was the occupation of Africanus?
His book of History was Tertullian's what in a series of books written?
When did the Romans begin their rule of Jerusalem?
What university is David Henige employed by?
What event did David Henige believe might have happened instead of a solar eclipse?
For how many minutes did David Henige belive the lunar eclipse would be visible?
What city was Henige originally from?
What does Colin Humphreys dismiss the explanation as?
What does Philo believe those who take the image of darkness literally are doing?
What prompted Philo to become a writer?
What did Philo not intend to happen after someone read his writings?
What nationality was Dio Cassius?
What group of readers would have read works by Geza Vermes?
What book was written by volunteers?
What did volunteers study to write the book about Jesus' crucifixion?
How did volunteers study how Jesus died?
In what way did volunteers hang Zugibe during the experiments?
What did volunteers find increased in Zugibe depending on if his feet were secured?
What is one thing people need to have to gain employment?
What kind of music do Christians often have during church service?
Who do Christians believe created the universe?
What is one thing that people are afraid of?
What is one thing you need to have in your house to see at night?
Why did Johannine accept who would be saved?
What book was written by John the Baptist?
What sacrifice did John the Baptist make as an agent of?
What did John the Baptist want to take away?
What did Johannine believe he was not?
At what time is it believed Paul wrote 1 Corinthians?
By what plan did Paul write some of the Gospels?
When have cosmic events usually happened?
What is the birth of Jesus thought to be in history?
Why is it believed that Paul was born?
What kind of Christology was supported by Karl Rahner?
What did Karl Rahner believe Jesus could have successfully argued for?
According to Rahner how did Jesus submit during his trial?
How did John Calvin believe the crucifixion was determined?
What was the blood of Jesus similar to according to John Calvin?
According to the moral influence theory, Jesus death is how important?
What kind of obedience do those believe in moral influence theory believe Jesus went to his death in?
What do moral influence theorists believe God thought of Jesus's sacrifice?
Since what period in time has the Roman Catholic Church existed?
What kind of substitution do moral influence theorists believe Jesus's death particularly was?
What kind of medal did Raphael put in one of his paintings?
What pope did Caravaggio crate a portrait of?
What was Pope John Paul II wearing in his portrait?
Who did Caravaggio believe Mary was united to on the cross?
What famous artist worked for Pope John Paul II?
What is the highest court in all jurisdictions named?
What do civil law states tend to have?
Where can decisions from the Privy Council be appealed to?
What is the Courts of Appeal superseded by in England?
How are some of the "federal court" jurisdictions divided?
What types of supreme courts to countries with a civil system of government have?
What document was written in 1902?
What do jurisdictions with a federal law system often have?
What doctrine applies in jurisdictions that have a supreme court system?
What does stare decisis say about decisions made by lower courts in regard the supreme court?
What is the civil court precedent also known as?
What are not necessarily binding in common law jurisdictions?
What was established in 1785?
What was abolished in 1499?
What does the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council hear?
Why can the title "Supreme Court" be confusing?
What event occurred in Hong Kong in 1979?
What is also known as the CJPC?
What was created in 1979?
What does Article 29 of the Basic Law state?
What does Article 185 of the Basic Law state?
What was created on January 29, 1850?
What was adopted after the creation of the Supreme Court of India?
What does Article 414 of the Constitution of India say?
Why is the Supreme Court vested with the power of judicial authority?
The lower courts are made of a Chief Justice and how many other judges?
What organization's advice does the Chief Justice take when appointing Supreme Court Judges? 
Where does the appellate court sit in Dublin?
Where does the Israeli appellate court sit?
What types of cases does the appeals court hear?
What does the Supreme Court of Jusice grant?
What is an "order trial de novo" also known as?
What was officially established at the beginning of 1980?
What was the Supreme Court known as until 2004?
Where are appeals always moved to from the High Court?
What are the District Court and Court of Appeal considered to be?
What is the Islamabad Territory Capital also known as?
What are FATA, Azad Northern, Kashmir Areas, and ICT?
Which province has its own courts system?
The Constitutional Reform Act of 2009 established what?
What went into effect in 2005?
What issues were addressed under the Scotland Act of 1989?
What was the first judicial body in the United Kingdom?
Where is the Supreme court the ultimate court for criminal and judicial matters?
What is the highest court in Virginia?
What state has the oldest judicial court of continuous operation in the Western Hemisphere?
In New York, what is the intermediate judicial court called?
What was drafted in 1902?
Who wrote the Austrian Constitution? 
What is the Austrian term for Administrative Court?
What is the Austrian term for Constitutional Court?
What is the Austrian term for "ordinary courts?"
The Superior Labour Tribunal oversees what type of elections?
What two types of cases does the Superior Military Tribunal only review?
What conflicting outcomes does the Superior Electoral Tribunal deal with?
What is the Brazilian name for the Supreme Court?
What is the German term for the German Constitutional Court?
What is the German term for Federal Constitution?
What can happen to a political party if it has repeatedly violated the German Court System?
What can the German Court declare in regard to legislation?
What else does Bundesgerichtshof deal with besides taxation?
What is the Bundessozialgericht at the top of?
What type of law is Bundesarbeitsgericht for?
What is the German term for the Senate of the Supreme Courts?
How often does the Joint Supreme Court gather?
What is another term for the Supreme Court of the Netherlands?
What is the court banned from according to the principle of the States-General?
What is the term for the Council of States-General?
What is the name of a court that deals with administrative law?
What nation's court is the American Supreme Court heavily modeled after?
In addition to the Philippines, what country was Spain colonized by?
What was written in 1897?
What does the Philippine Statute Code state about the decisions of the Supreme Court? 
What are five Supreme Court judgement supporting a claim needed for?
What do lower rank courts always observe?
What action does the Supreme Court only allow for cases related to human rights?
What is the Swedish term for government?
What other cases does the Supreme Court consider besides disputes between individuals and administrative organs?
What two courts are equally the highest courts of the land?
The Supreme Court appoints what position?
What was created in 1927?
What was adopted before 1972?
What do capital-law and civil-law blend together to make?
The president of the country may play a role in what type of cases?
What existed from 1993 to 2014?
What was created in 2013 to replace the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of South Africa?
What was amended in August 1994?
What is the Constitutional Court subordinate to?
What is the NCPSC also known as? 
What country can interpret the laws of Macau and China?
What country is the Chinese legal system based on?
What type of edition does a textual critic usually analyze?
What is the goal of the textual author?
What is the proper name for textual profession?
Why are there differences in modern copies of the same text?
What do textual critics call a perfectly translated edition of a text?
Interest in an analysis of what text has arose in the early 8th century?
Why are scholars concerned with analysis of plays?
Why is it important for textual critics to analyze plays?
 What books prompted a textual analysis of modern work?
Which manuscript was written in 1972?
Why do critics hate focusing on Shakespeare?
What book did Shakespeare write?
When were the most recent documents in criticism? 
It's too taboo to criticize the Torah, Qur'an, and what other religion?
What is the second goal when attempting to analyze a new text?
Why is finding the last exemplar important in textual criticism?
 The first product of reconstruction is known as what?
 The middle product of reconstruction is known as what?
 The final product of reconstruction is known as what?
What is included in "ultimate edition"?
What is the purpose of the rejected apparatus?
How many parts is in the textual apparatus?
What is the fourth part in the critical apparatus?
How did they copy literature before they did it by hand?
How did they copy literature after mechanical printing?
How do printing presses provide identical copies?
Why do textual critics prefer to use multiple sources?
Identical documents that represent different text are called what?
What are the similarities in the text of witnesses known as?
When do variations enter a witness text?
What is the fourth way the textual critic considers evidence?
What is the fifth way the textual critic considers evidence?
What is the name for the collation of all unknown variants of a text?
What is it called when the variations are texts are read separately?
What book wasn't a product of variorum?
What author wasn't part of a variorum?
Leaves of Grass did not undergo what process?
What do eclectic readings not do?
Why do people prefer a first edition Shakespeare play?
Which edition did not include an addition alluding to an event?
Textual critics may reconstruct the last edition of a work without what?
External evidence is evidence of each physical witness, its date, source, relationship to other known witnesses, and what else? 
Why do critics prefer the newest witnesses?
Why do critics prefer minority of witnesses?
Why do critics prefer geographically similar witnesses?
There are more early copies than what type of copies?
What's the term for "longer reading"?
What's the term for "easier reading"?
What is the term for when words are deducted for clarification?
What is the term for when there are consistencies in the text?
When did Westcott and Hort meet?
When did Westcott and Hort go into business together?
When did they propose Bengel's rule?
The number of supporting witnesses explains why readings are what?
Which reading is less preferred? 
What canons are not susceptible to interpretation?
What canons are not contradictory?
When did scholars stop looking for more rigorous methods?
The editor sought to raise subjectivity by what?
Who was only permitted to select one reading?
A loose approach to textual criticism is called what?
When did Karl Lachmann contribute to making stemmatics famous?
How did Lachmann make stemmatics famous?
The final stage of the stemma is called what?
Recension and Latin recensio is latin for what?
The process of selectio does not resemble what type of criticism? 
Eclectic criticism is not similar to what type of process? 
 Which steps do not resemble copy-text editing?
What process is not used when there are a number of viable manuscripts available?
When manuscripts are bad, what process gets used?
Why did Joseph Bédier prefer stemmatics?
 Why is a method that only produces two branches seen as the best?
Trees with two branches minimized opportunities for that? 
When witnesses agree, what did the third branch do?
Which method was more rigorous than originally claimed?
What is the first step in the stemmatic method?
What judgement produces the correct result?
Which reading does the critic select when there are only two witnesses at the same tree?
A reading that occurs left often is always considered what?
When was Ronald B. McKerrow born?
What year did Thomas Nashe introduce the term copy-text?
Thomas Nash is a bibliographer who published whose works? 
Nashe was aware of limitations of which method?
Ronald B. McKerror was a french critic who did like which method?
What book did Shakespeare publish in 1939?
McKerrow stayed firm in which opinion?
How many revisions did early editions have?
McKerrow thinks we should only accept one revision for what reason?
Who argued that an editor should not be free to use their own judgement?
What do editors call variants that are not balanced?
What is the term for variants that are somewhat balanced?
An editor should not defer to what when variants are balanced?
Who limited their examples to French Renaissance drama?
Greg was a novice in which period of drama?
According to Bowers, the manuscript should not serve as what?
The principle of copy-text is sound with regard to what?
What are editors trying to ultimately stop?
What happens when an editor achieves an exact reproduction of an authors work?
 What did Tanselle say about modern authors?
Bowers asserted that editions founded on Greg's method would not represent what?
Who argued for works where the author listens to input from others?
Who didn't want to determine why an author made changes to a work?
 Who believes an earlier work can be substituted for a later one?
Constrained authorial intention was whose idea?
 What changes did Maggie make to secure commercial publication?
When did Maggie publish her edition of Bowers?
What was Bower's final step in editing a single work into multiple versions?
When was the third version of Maggie published?
When was the fifth and final version of Maggie published?
Who believes that clear-text doesn't give enough prominence? 
What are generally easy to use?
Shillingsburg says which editions don't use notes at the bottom of the page?
What does not draw attention to alternative forms of text?
What is a technique borrowed from physics?
Phylogenetic systematics was originally called what?
How is cladistics the opposite of the stemmatic method?
What is the mathmatical basis for Cladistics?
What year did true textual criticism stop being applied? 
What school did Ellis Rasmussen not teach at?
What church did not want a new edition of the holy scriptures? 
What class did Larson teach at Rasmussen?
When did Larson begin his thesis project?
When did FARMS stop existing?
When was the fifth volume of Critical Text Project published?
What book did Grant Hardy publish in 1987?
Larson begin the research for what project?
FARMS was funded by whom?
What year was the final phase of the project completed?
Professor Skousen left what position in 1988?
Who sold the community of christ church?
 What did Skousen delete ink and pencil remnants from?
What book did Douglas Stuart summarize?
How many of the textual variants are significant?
How many variants change the doctrine considerably?
Stuart thought the Bible is largely different because of what?
Plato's Republic has more witnesses than what?
The Bible has fewer witnesses than what types of work?
When were the latest witnesses of the New Testament?
Textual scholars expect there to be a smaller time gap between an original and what?
There are fewer changes in a text when there is a larger what?
What does not matter in order to be copyrighted?
What minor things can be included and validate a copyright?
Non-scientific editions can be protected by what?
What are not protected by copyright?
All EU member states have transposed what into law?
Warner Bros. pictures before what year are part of the TCM?
Up until what month and year of release are films from TCM part of the Turner Entertainment Library?
What is Turner Classic Movies called in Africa?
What is a dedicated licensing channel?
Who has licensing deals with libraries?
How much did Ted Turner pay for UA?
In what year did Ted Turner buy UA?
Who did Ted Turner sell UA to?
Who did Ted Turner buy UA from?
Up to what date of release did Kerkorian retain ownership of the MGM film library?
On what network did Turner Entertainment's film library air prior to the creation of MGM/UA?
What was a notable film that Warner Bros. colorized?
Who did Warner Bros. ink a deal with to distribute Warner Bros. films from before 1950?
The MGM/UA-Turner deal concerned TCM films released prior to what date?
What would serve as the base form of programming for MGM?
How many subscribers had access to AMC upon its launch?
When TCM ended, what was AMC called?
What sorts of films did TCM primarily show?
By what year was TCM showing commercials?
Who originally served as a free format to AMC?
With what company did Turner Broadcasting Systems merge in 1999?
Along with Lorimar and National General Pictures, what library was included in the Time Warner library?
When did MGM give Warner Home Video the rights to Turner Broadcasting's films on home video?
When did Warner Home Video merge with Time Warner?
What placed Warner Bros. Entertainment and Warner Home Video under the same corporate umbrella?
In what year did TCM end the Young Composers Film Competition?
How often is the TCM?
What is the grand prize in the TCM?
In what year was TCM realeased?
Who starred in he Ace of Hearts?
In what year did TCM receive a film legacy?
For what reason is a film legacy granted?
When did the inaugural TCM film legacy take place?
In addition to the Grauman's Chinese Theater, where did the first film legacy take place?
Where is the film legacy located?
What were TCM products previously known as?
When did short films from TCM begin to stream on Passing Parade's website?
What short subjects feature on primetime hours along with The Passing Parade, Crime Does Not Pay and Pete Smith Specialties?
Along with :35, :30, and :15 past the hour, at what time does Benchley begin?
What are filled with theatricallly released banner names?
In what year did TCM introduce its rating system?
In what year did the TCM cease?
What rating system is often used by the Motion Picture Association of America?
Whose content has remained mostly cut?
What bumpers were particularly formatted?
What retrospective of the Oscars is shown yearly on letterbox?
When does the letterbox's programming season begin?
ON its standard definition broadcast, what format does Bogart use to preserve the original aspect ratio?
Along with Cary Grant, who is a notable actor whose career a viewer might follow on Grant?
When is a retrospective of Oscar-winning and Oscar-nominated actors shown?
Who owns the Seiznick International Pictures film?
Who is the owner of Janus Films?
How many films are present in the Janus library?
What spans several decades of agreements?
What includes thousands of Janus Films?
Who owns the majority of 1950 Paramount sound releases?
Who holds TV distribution rights to Paramount's 1949 releases?
Who owns Walt Disney Fox?
Who manages the TV distribution of Walt Disney Fox?
What is Disney's film output owned by?
Who presents films on Eastern on Wednesday nights?
What is Eastern by profession?
Why did Robert Osbourne stop presenting films on Eastern for several months?
Who presents Silent Sunday Nights?
When was Ben Mankiewicz on medical leave?
On what day of the week are Star of the Year films aired?
Who hosts the Star of the Year films?
During what month and year did Lehrer Guest Programmer feature Lehrer employees as guests?
In what year did Spike Lee appear as a Lehrer Guest Programmer?
What time does "Stars of the Year" air?
When does 15 Days of Oscar occur?
When does the Essentials Under the Stars event take place?
As of 2015, who hosted 31 Days of Oscar along with Robert Osbourne?
On what day does 31 Days of Oscar have its first airing each week?
On what day are repeats of 31 Days of Oscar shown?
What movie block shows musicals?
What movie block shows foreign hosts?
When did TCM Imports first appear?
On what day is TCM Imports shown?
Who was the first host of TCM Imports?
In what month does the Funday Night at the Movies event take place?
Who hosted Summer Under the Stars?
What character was Smith known for portraying?
In what year did Summer Under the Stars first appear?
Who suspends its regular schedule every night?
What series replaced Sherlock Jr. at the Movies?
Who along with Chris O'Donnell was the original host of Sherlock Jr.?
Who hosted Sherlock Jr. between 2009 and 2011?
Who began to host Sherlock Jr. in 2011?
In what year did Sherlock Jr. replace  Funday Night at the Movies?
In what year did Screened Images appear?
What year saw the debut of Religion and Images?
What series premiered in 2012?
In what year did Arab Images off Film first appear?
What was the topic of Black Images on Film?
In what month and year did TCM Boy premiere?
Along with individual tributes, what form did Badly Drawn Boy occur in?
In what month of the year does a longer version of Badly Drawn Boy appear?
In what year did Steve Earle provide a soundtrack for TCM Remembers?
Who provided the soundtrack for the longer Badly Drawn Boy episode in 2009?
Through what company is the MOD released?
What do the DVD Vault Collection bonus discs feature in addition to documentaries?
How are the Initial batch of VHS Vault Collection DVDs made after the initial batch?
What consists of several VHS collections?
What often includes bonus documentaries?
What month and year saw the introduction of True Grit?
Who was TCM's partner in True Grit?
The winery of what notable director provided wines for True Grit?
Who starred in TCM Wineclub?
How long do True Grit subscriptions last?
What Australian cable provider first carried Turner Classic Movies?
In what year did Turner Classic Movies appear on Australian cable television?
In what year did Australia begin to include TCM?
What is the name of the TCM spinoff channel operated in South Africa?
In what month and year did France add TCM to its analog broadcasts?
How many darsanas are there?
What philosophy does Astika reject?
Which philosophy do both nastika and Astika philosophies accept?
What does Carvaka mean?
When were the astika and nastika philosophies written?
What are the two sibling traditions?
What differentiates the various sibling traditions?
What do scholars agree on within the astika and nastika philosophies?
Which two named philosophies are considered to be the same?
How many subschools does Hindu philosophy have?
Which school rejects naturalism?
What tradition is Buddhism rooted in?
What are Tantric ideas founded in?
What is a combination of ideas from multiple heterodox philosophies called?
What does pramanas mean?
What do the various schools agree on?
What does Carvaka nastika mean?
What school believes none of the pramanas are correct?
Which school believes only postulation is a valid form of knowledge?
What school rejects dualism?
What is the state of prakriti splitting from purusa?
What did the emergence of buddhi create?
Who created the Purusa-Prakriti entities?
What does Samkhya mean?
How many types of Sattva are there?
What do all life forms have in equal proportion?
Why is Samkhya considered theistic?
The fact that Samkhya denies the existence of a soul makes it what?
What does Ishvara determine in a person's life?
What philosophy is Yoga antithetical to?
What does Samkhya accept that yoga does not?
Which parts of Samkhya does Yoga reject?
Which pramana does Yoga reject?
What does Yoga mean?
What is moksha?
What central idea do Yoga and Advaita Vendata share?
What does Yoga state is unachievable?
What is Brahaman?
What school is Yoga most dissimilar to?
What theory postulates that objects cannot be reduced?
What does Vaisesika mean?
Who coined the term paramanu?
What does Vaisesika say prevents knowledge and liberation?
Who discredited the idea of Vaisesika?
How many realities are there?
What does Vaisesika teach is able to be destroyed?
What is not a function of atoms?
What is the name of a substance's special dimension?
What are atoms divided into?
What school is Nyaya most dissimilar to?
What is Nyaya uninterested in?
What are practitioners of Vaisesika called?
What is merely ignorance in Nyaya?
What philosophy produces human suffering?
Which school has no subschools?
What means did the Kumarila Bhatta remove from its canon?
What subschool only uses four reliable means?
What does Mimamsa mean?
How many Mimamsa subschools are not defined by epistemology?
What type of doctrine does Mimamsa not have?
What school focuses on the existence of God?
Mimamsa rejected the epistemology and metaphysics of what?
What school agreed with the Mimamsa's understanding of Upanishads?
What did Mimamsakas consider as of equal importance as the rituals?
What study did Mimamsa thwart?
What did Mimamsakas and Vedantins agree on?
What did Mimamsakas believe was the purpose of an orderly life?
What school was foundational to the Mimamsa school?
Which part of the Vedas did both the Vedanta and the Mimamsa schools emphasize?
What is the least developed Hindu school?
Which sutras did the Vedanta reject?
When did the Vedanta school end?
Which method of gaining knowledge is not included in the Vedanta school?
What are sub-schools not allowed to do with the epistemologies?
What represented the lack of knowledge-centered study?
Which Vedic did Vedanta ignore?
What does Vedic mean?
During what era did knowledge-centered understanding emerge?
Who created the concepts of atman and Brahman?
What means two?
What is the youngest Vedantic School?
Who coined the term Advaita?
Who was Gaudapada's teacher?
What is the name of the author of the Vedantic scriptures?
Which metaphysic concept is never changing?
What is not within human beings?
What is the opposite of Brahman?
What do non-Advaita Vedantins say about atman and Brahman?
What is unchanging and what it appears to be?
Who opposed Visistadvaita?
When was Visistadvaita first proposed?
What did Visistadvaitins and Advaitins agree on?
What was the philosophy of qualified dualism?
Who did Advaitins believe was a personification of Brahman?
What theory claims there is one reality?
How is the Dvaita Vedanta Vishnu different from other religions?
Who has an impersonal role according to Dvaita?
What in Dvaita is only temporary? 
What distinguishes Advaita Vedanta from Dvaita?
Which two categories are independent?
Who is Radha's consort?
How many gopis attended Nimbarka?
Who is not worshiped in Dvaitadvaita?
What controls Brahman?
What is easy to determine of Shaivism?
When did Shaivism first begin?
Who created Shaivism?
What philosophical school is Shaivism not represented by?
Who wrote the Svetasvatara Upanishad?
What is the youngest major Shaiva school?
Who created Pasupata Shaivism?
Which theology did Pashupatas prefer?
When was the Pasupata Shaivism school started?
Why did Pashupatas believe servitude of souls was necessary?
What was the sentient dependent on?
Salvation required the soul separating from what?
What was the sentient broken up into?
How many effects made up the sentient?
What were the effects responsible for?
What are dual philosophies?
What is the opposite of Shiva?
What are the means of understanding maya according to Kashmir Shaivism?
Advaita says all things are a manifestation of what?
What do believers of Advaita believe is the point of human life?
What did China have when its government was first founded?
What are the differences in the way people vote in China compared to other countries?
Where does the ideology of China's main political parties come from?
What is the main purpose changing an ideology after a government is founded?
What is one thing Germany and India have changed after their governments were founded?
What groups first formed in 1715 when the Whigs were dominant?
What beliefs did the Tories unite behind during the Glorious Revolution in 1715?
In what year did the Exclusion Crisis end?
How long did the English Civil War last?
Who was the leader of the Hanoverian succession?
What was Algernon Sidney considered a threat to?
Who did Algernon Sidney want to be tolerant towards?
Who's concepts of universal rights influenced wealthy merchants?
What did wealthy merchants want to put strict limits on?
What kind of political ideas did a Catholic king support?
When was the downfall of George II?
For how long was Lord Bute dismissed from office?
What type of behavior was Lord Bute known for when in power?
What did differing beliefs prevent Lord Bute and George II from doing?
What did Sir William Wyndham regain in 1760?
Who was the Bedfordite faction tied to that made them unstable?
How long did Edmund Burke remain a philosopher?
What group was lead by Edmund Burke?
What happened when Edmund Burke was removed from power?
What description was the basic framework for government created by Chathamite factions?
What was created by the modern Conservative Party in 1859 to define basic Conservative principles?
What event broke up the Liberal Party?
Why did the government led by Willian Ewart Gladstone collapse?
What did the PIttite Tories do after the Duke's government collapsed?
When did Lord Palmerston create the Pittite Tories?
What did James Madison intend the mindset of the Federalist Party to be?
In what year was the Federalist Party founded?
In what year did the Democratic-Republican Party split?
What was the period called after the Federalist Party was created?
How long was James Madison involved with the Federalist Party?
When was the use of a party whip first implemented?
What did the party whip change the party name to in 1884?
What was the Parnellite model replaced with in government?
What did the British Parties create to ensure committed members were selected?
What was imposed by the British Parties in 1884?
Who is a fund-raiser usually lead by?
What is the definition of a fund-raiser?
What are the duties of a national committee?
What does a state governor do?
What role do most spokesmen aspire to?
What type of parties allow leaders to form a Shadow cabinet?
What does the party leader serve as when the party is represented by the Shadow cabinet?
What is the main role of the Cabinet of government ministers?
What is formed when a party becomes the largest party not part of the Cabinet of government ministers?
What  does the Official Opposition Shadow cabinet become when it can form a majority with enough seats?
How are government crackdowns categorized by democracies?
What rights threaten the formation of a liberal democracy?
After what event do opposition parties usually form?
What is the first thing authoritarian governments want citizens to do to show loyalty to the party?
What is one right that is not the norm for authoritarian governments?
What has caused far-right parties to be abandoned over the past two decades?
What kind of democracies were created after the formation of the EU?
What groups have Outsider Parties not wanted to cooperate with recently?
What did Outsider Parties form because they didn't want to cooperate with government?
What kind of policy do Outsider Parties usually have towards the government?
What restrictions are there on candidates when there are no political parties?
What attitude did George Washington have on legal restrictions in office?
How does the legislature take office in Tokelau?
What is another action the legislature of Tokelau is able to do?
What does the Northwest Territories warn against?
What kind of leadership must the dominant party accept in China?
During what years did North Korea move to a one party system?
What are minor parties often compared to due to their influence?
What are minor parties usually identical to?
In what country were minor party positions more important?
How likely is it that there was voting fraud in the 1998 election?
What were the reasons for the Democratic Parties failure in 1990?
What were two things that the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan used in the 1970's to try and win an election?
What are some parties that were guilty of using voter fraud?
How long did the People's Action Party in Singapore last?
In what year did National and Democratic Republicans split?
What topic caused Teddy Roosevelt to lose the election in 1912?
For how long did the Federalist Party exist?
What was Teddy Roosevelt guilty of in 1912?
What kind of support did Teddy Roosevelt have outside the South?
What system was created by Maurice Duverger in the UK?
When was Duverger's Law passed in the UK?
How many seats has Maurice Duverger held in Parliament?
What was the only party that helped pass Duverger's Law?
What does allowing Conservatives in government usually lead to?
What do parties work to form when one party gains power?
How long as the Republic of Ireland had a dominant party?
What country usually has a dominant party at the national and state level?
What country has always had a dominant party in power since it was formed?
What two countries have usually been able to make swift policy changes since WW II?
What do some people still call trade unions?
What do special interest groups receive for paying membership dues?
What groups support having to pay trade unions?
During what time were lobbyists the most prevalent in government?
What newly founded party opposed all government?
What was the population of Australia in the 20th century compared to 1950?
In what year did western democracies start to decline?
What did the government of the UK have happen in 1950 due to lack of funding?
What had happened to funding for the Australian government in 1950?
In what year did Australia adopt a democratic government?
What scandal took place in 1925?
What is awarded to people in the UK who manage loans for a living?
What did Lloyd George help people acquire in his earlier profession?
What do people become a member of if they help people get approved for a loan?
What can people who approve loans for a living take part in in government?
What is one type of political party?
Where do you have to broadcast on if you are a member of a direct party?
How many people know about the ACE Electoral Knowledge network?
How many known political parties are there worldwide?
What type of information do over 180 parties disclose to the ACE Electoral Knowledge Network?
What funding does the Overseas Development Institute like to offer to support democracies?
What was used during the Rose Revolution to make it successful?
What does the Georgian party want to increase?
Why does the Georgian party want to increase support to political parties?
What did the Georgian party want to promote by financing political parties in developing countries?
What uniforms do storm troopers wear in Islamist parties?
What was green considered the color of in the past?
What color is the Centrist Party in Israel?
What party is similar to Irish republican parties?
What group is similar to the Ulster Loyalists?
What color was chosen by the Democratic Party before 2000?
Before 2000 what color did the Republican party choose to be associated with?
What have international political parties not chosen for themselves since 2000?
What happened when other countries violated political color scheme norms in 2000?
What did parties in other countries alternate to avoid confusion in 2000? 
In what year was the Universal Party organized in Italy?
Where has The Universal Party headquarters been located since 1974?
How many countries does The Universal Party operate in?
What groups organized in Hong Kong in the 19th and 20th century?
What was outlawed in Italy in 1945?
What German political scientist drew a distinction between party ideology and elections?
Who was the focus of recruitment by cadre parties?
What did cadre parties expect new members to spread?
What did cadre parties expect new members to give assistance for?
What are the two major parties in France?
What is group or solo music called?
What does cantata music lack that Acappella has?
 What is a synonym for cantata?
What was renewed in the 1900's?
What did cantata origionally differerntiate between?
What term is also used as a synonym for concertato?
Alla breve was originally used to tell the difference between what styles?
What led to alla breve meaning unaccompanied vocal music?
What does Baroque concertato mean in Italian?
What does Renaissance polyphony contrast with that means accompanied singing?
What was originally used in Renaissance secular vocal music? 
What was considered part of a cappella following the Baroque period?
What religions later incoperated a cappella into their traditions?
uring what period was a cappella losinging popularity as religious music?
How was Islamic music originally used?
What other type of music was considered A capella from the madrigal?
What was considered a form of A capella until the Jewish period?
What is an example of instrumentally accompanied singing?
In what practice what most of the vocal music A capella?
What began to develop in Europe during the 1500"s
Who's compositions marked the begining of secular a cappella music
What did the a cappella form take the place of during the 16th century?
What piece was heavily influenced by Bach's Mass in B MInor?
What accompanied the voices in Palestrina?
What happened to Christian music in Europe the 16th Century?
How was the early piece by Josquin des Prez intended to be played?
What composer was Josquin des Prez a major influence on?
When was Bach's Mass in B Minor composed?
How were the pieces written by Josquin des Prez performed during Easter week?
What is based on a brad interpritation of the Psalms?
What started appearing in Russia in the 1700's?
What was a copy of Venetian a cappella?
What was written by NIkolai Diletsky in the 16th century?
How are liturgies sung in Russian musika?
What motivates the way instrumental music is composed in the church?
When did the Byzantine Rite of the Eastern Orothdox Church appear?
What type of music made a cappella versions of instrumental accompaniment?
What Bishop composed Grammatika musikiyskaya in 1675?
What are some present day Christian churces nolonger use the a capella form?
what era influences todays secular a capella?
What is a secular folk music song in a capella.
What is the name of the Mennonite style of singing used with shape notes?
From what time does harp folk music exist in some churches?
What are some examples of present-day Christian churches that use instruments during worship services?
What church services use Sacred Harp, that is a practice from apostolic times?
In present times, which group is know to use shape notes in religious services?
What divides the worlds religions?
What was considered an Easter Catholic inovation?
What was first use introduced into worship in the 1800's?
Who opposed a capella music in worship during the 18th century?
What did Luther refer to as "a cow bell in a concert"?
What has divided Catholics since they have been used in worship?
What did Catholics oppose to be used in worship?
What did Martin Luther mention about using instruments during church worship?
What did Ulrich Zwingli write that had Jeanie Deans as the heroine?
What type of religion is John Calvin a member of in the book?
What scriptures make negative judgments about instruments?
What scriptures does opposition to instruments come from?
During what time is there evidence of Christians using instruments for worship?
What did Christians condone starting in the 2nd century?
Whose teachings are in line with today's opposition to instruments?
During what time period was opposition to instruments being used in all settings discovered?
Where does rejection of using instruments according to God's will come from?
When is information about the use of instruments for Christian worship written?
What did Christians condemn from 33 AD to 180 AD?
What do Church Fathers believe today about using instruments?
What Temple forbade the use of instruments?
What was included in tradition Jewish services in synagogues?
What is forbidden on the Sabbath because it was considered work?
What prhabition has been relaxed in many traditional Jewish congregations?
What type of music is forbidden during Passover?
What did traditional Jewish religious services in the Synagogue include?
What is forbidden in Jerusalem?
When do Jewish families use musical instruments when singing Sabbath songs?
During what time is zemirot prohibited?
What kind of entertainment happens on the Sabbath for zemirot?
Who popularized Greek chant?
What did Philo promote in 20 BCE?
Who taught that a capella was the best form of whorship?
Who commanded Christians to offer praise with instruments?
What kind of accompaniment is used with the shofar?
When was the Greek philosopher Philo born?
What Jewish chant is still being used today in the synagogue?
During what periods of time is silent singing used in the synagogue?
How is silent singing used when practiced in a synagogue service?
What did Rosh Chodesh Elul write about that became popular?
What tradition was started in the western US?
Who spoke against a cappella in 1911?
What was emulated by other conductors across the country?
What do a capella choirs struggle to perfect in a large choral setting?
Who started a prominent choir in 1911?
At what college was F. Melius Christiansen a student?
What church was Augsburg College connected to?
Who did Wartburg College influence?
How many singers are in a cappella?
Who boycotted concerts in 1943?
Who introduced jazz harmonies to a capella in the 40's?
What number one hit did Yazoo have in 1983?
What gained renewed intrest the 1950's?
What did The Song Spinners have in the 1950's?
What was the name of The Song Spinners best seller in the 1950's?
When did the American Federation of Musicians introduce jazz to a cappella?
In 1983 what did The King's Singers promote?
What did A cappella gain in July 1943?
What has been added to contemporary instrumental music?
What are examples of instrumental bands?
What has maintained a strong presence in all types of worship?
What do arrangments for popular secular music include?
What music type includes bands who add instruments to create a pop/rock/gospel sound?
In Christian music who uses beatboxing during worship?
What do some a cappella groups use instead of chordal accompanyment?
Where does one voice singing still remain strong?
What groups don't use vocal percussion during worship?
What has been used in musical theater on Broadway?
What performance was the first to use a cappella on Broadway?
What show had 77 performances on Broadway?
What did John Jiler write the lyrics for?
What did Ray Leslee produce?
When Playwrights Horizons first open in an Off-Broadway theater?
For how many performances did Playwrights Horizons run?
What was the musical style of Playwrights Horizon's score?
What Broadway theater did Perfect Harmony open at?
What drama was based on two a cappella groups?
Who's music influenced Perfect Harmoney
What have The Romantics been compared to?
What Off-Broadway theater did Pat Benatar open at?
Before New York, at what other theater was Billy Idol successful?
When was The Jackson 5's debut Off-Broadway?
What type of genre describes The Partridge Family?
What role is set in the NY subway system?
When did Chesney Snow premier Off-Broadway?
Who were involved in the production of Primary Stages?
What does Russ Kaplan incorporate in his performance?
When is Primary Stages set to reopen according to the website?
What is one uniquely African art form?
In 1938 where did documented quartets begin?
What group was formed in 2004?
What is the name of the barbershop group formed in 2004?
What did the barbershop group change its name to officially in 1938?
What group was formed in 1953?
In 1945 what did Sweet Adelines change its name to?
How many women from Japan are members of the Sweet Adelines?
How many Australian choruses are registered with the organization?
In what year did Sweet Adelines become a German organization?
What does Eric Erickson explain about Swedish dominance in choirs?
What did Richard Sparks influence in Sweden and world wide?
What has high admission standards based on tradition?
What a cappella group began implementing high music standards?
What percentage of the world takes part in a cappella singing?
Who was formerly a member of The Rensselyrics of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute?
What group was formed in 1873 and is is the longest continually singing group?
During what time period did continuously-singing groups grow?
What were The Whiffenpoofs of Yale University often a parody of?
When did women's groups popularity explode?
What is gaining in popularity among Anokha?
What was the first Midwest a cappella group?
What kind of groups are emerging among various groups from the Midwest?
When was the first Maize Mirchi formed from the University of Maryland?
Who hosts the Penn Masala competition at the University of California?
When did the  A Cappella Recording Awards air on NBC?
What prize did Ben Folds win on The Sing-Off tv competition series?
What show was judged by Harmony Sweepstakes?
How many groups were competing for the prize from the Contemporary A Cappella Recording Awards?
Who won the Contemporary A Cappella Society final season?
What groups recordings in the 1960's stated all instruments were done vocally?
On what series did the Swingle Singers sing Twilight Zone in a cappella?
What is another example of emulating Bobby McFerrin without singing the words?
What early recordings emulate Latin rhythms in a cappella?
In the 1930's what was Bobby McFerrin famous for?
What did the Beach Boys use so they would sound like instruments?
What added new dimensions to nonsense words?
What is one song version The Swingle Singers released in 2005?
What did Toyota hire The Bellamy Brothers to advertise in their commercials?
What was used by Journey to make an a cappella recording of The Who Sells Out?
What was the Order of Preachers more commonly known as after the 16th century?
What is not the Latin term for the Order of Preachers?
What religious order was founded by French priest Saint Dominic de Guzman?
Which pope did not approve the Dominican order?
What did the Dominican Order's membership not include?
What  was the order not founded to do?
What did not place the Preachers in the forefront of the intellectual life of the Middle Ages?
What was the order not famed for?
Who headed the Dominican order in 1980?
What does O.P. not stand for>
What was not occurring when the Dominican Order came into being in the Middle Ages?
What were Men of God expected to stay behind?
How many orders of mendicant friars did not come out of the Middle Ages? 
Who led the Friars Major order at this time?
Who led the Friars Teachers order at this time?
What did Dominic not seek to do?
What order did not influence the Dominican Order?
What did the Dominican Order not seek to be?
How did previous religious orders not do for a living?
How did Dominic not inspire his followers?
What type of governmental structure did Dominic not inspire his followers to form?
Who developed an order where its members had a homogeneous spirituality?
What order was rural and ignorant?
What country did Benedictine Order nuns thrive? 
What subject did Dominic particularly hate?
What happened to Dominic during his studies in Paris, France?
Why did Dominic refuse to sell his beloved books?
Where did Bishop Martin Bazan and Prior Diego d'Achebes refuse to appoint Dominic to?
Who entered the priesthood at the age of 30?
Who did not immediately see one of the paramount reasons for the spread of the unorthodox movement?
Who did not act or move with an offensive amount of pomp and ceremony?
Who did Dominic admire more than the Holy Church?
What state did the Cathers not live in?
What was meet with much success?
Who became the spiritual father of several Albigensian women?
What did Dominic establish in 1306?
What would become a foundation of the Benedictine nuns?
What later became the Benedictine headquarters for Dominic's missionary effort?
Why did families not send their girls to Diego's monastery?
What framework did Dominic not use in order to stifle his institution?
What year did Diego order his followers into an institutional life?
What did the Rule of St. Augustine not believe in?
What were the Dominican Brothers not?
Who could not practice ministry and common life while existing in poverty?
What city did Dominic not study in?
What did the city of Palencia not give Dominic?
What method was not used by the Dominicans in working to defend the Church against peril?
What did not help define the work of the Dominican Order?
What city did Dominic not establish a school?
Where did Dominic and his followers live in during early 1320?
What pope did not invite Dominic to stay in the Roman basilica of Santa Sabina?
When did Pope John Paul II transfer property to the Order of Preachers?
What order did not quickly spread through England?
What happened to the order in the 14th century?
What French university did the Dominican friars appear in?
What are the three branches of knowledge that the Dominican Order created works in?
Who appointed the Benedictine Order to begin the inquisition? 
What did not produce change within the order?
What is the term "Dominican mysticism" not known as?
What sprang up in Switzerland and Monaco?
What saint is associated with the new Benedictine mysticism? 
What nun helped to spread Dominican mysticism to Italy?
What did the order not find itself faced with?
What did the order embrace during the the Renaissance?
What theologians of what English city gave the Dominican Order resistance?
What did many Benedictines take part in?
Which friars were celebrated in the science of the Renaissance age?
How many preachers were expelled from the Dominican Order in 1867? 
How many Dominicans were actively engages in Order work in 1867? 
How many Dominican friars were there in 2018?
What year were there 5,570 priests in the Dominican Order?
How many students were there in the year 2001?
What country held a minor place in the revival movement?
What orator was not well known during the revival movement?
What year did Jean-Baptiste Henri Lacordaire take the habit of a Friar Preacher in Paris?
When was the province of England canonically erected?
What title did Pere Vincent Jandel not hold during this time?
What country has produced a large number of nuns?
What Benedictine Friar inaugurated the conference of Notre Dame of Paris?
What is the name of another English Benedictine friar during this time?
What did English Dominican found and administer?
What was not prepared at the Ecole Biblique?
What school does not publish the Reve Biblique?
How many students does the Monastery of Fribourg have?
What year was the University of Fribourg put into the Benedictine Order's care?
What is the name of one Benedictine Order institute of learning?
What Benedictine founded the Revue Thomiste?
What do present day Benedictine Order associates do?
What is there not a growing number of?
Who does not share the Dominican charism?
What is not an example of a modern Dominican Order follower?
What do present day members continue to do for the Dominican Order?
What is the spiritual tradition of Dominic's order not only punctuated by?
What order does not include mystical union?
What order was first developed on the Asian continent?
What country did some of the Dominican Order not attribute change to?
What did the friars and sisters in Christ not struggle with?
What did Dominic not struggle with?
Who remembered Dominic as a sour fellow?
What did Dominic not like to greatly do?
Who did Dominic not pray for?
Who owned multiple habits?
What was not evidenced throughout all the branches of the order?
What did the spirituality not reflect?
What spirit did Dominic not give to his followers?
What type of man was Dominic not?
What did Dominic not fully utilize?
Who was the Master general of the Dominican order during the early 1200s?
During whose tenure was the sisters of the order not given official membership?
Who did not have a great love of languages?
What did Hobart not want the friars to reach?
What was not Hobart's first priority?
Who was not at the center of ascetic writers in the Dominican Order?
Who did not significantly add to the order's spirituality?
What did Hobart's writing's not permeate with?
What were young Dominicans encouraged not to do? 
What did Humbert instruct the students to be?
Who did not greatly help the Dominican Order?
What was Albert Magnus not also known as "Albert the what?
What was not a discipline of Albert the Great?
Whose curriculum did Albert not mold? 
Who did Albert Magnus not introduce to Dominican Order students?
What was not one of Albert's great contributions?
When did Dionysus the Areopagite words not leave an indelible imprint?
What of Magnus' did not make a significant contribution to German mysticism?
Who was not a mystical theologian?
What refers to the conviction that all non-believers are capable of experiencing God's love?
Who did not champion the idea drawn from Dionysus?
Who believed that negative knowledge of God is possible, but obsure?
What is not easier to do regarding God?
How do we accept things of God?
What is there contradiction between?
Who did not write the wisdom and understanding enhance one's faith in God?
What does God not use to speak with an average man?
What is not the cause or result of true understanding and judgment?
What can the soul see in perfect clarity?
How does one not obtain a goal of understanding?
What happened within a man as the image of God decreases?
What does not guide Christians to acknowledge that are are nothing without God? 
Who do Christians not consider to the "One"?
Who did not create, sustain, or guide man?
What should man;s nature not be centered on?
What was not affected by a number of elemental influences?
What did later members imbue the order with?
What did the Europeans of the order not embrace?
What of type of experiences were English Dominicans entirely focused on?
What did the English Dominicans not hope to do within the order?
What concept does not reach back to the Hebrew Bible?
What tradition believed that it was possible to come face to face with God?
What does the commandment of Exodus 20.4-5 allow?
Who did not want to instill mysticism in the Dominican order?
What writings introduced the idea of "knowing" to the Order of Preachers?
Who did some early Dominican followers not have trouble reconciling?
What did some of the brethren not have issues with?
Where in England was one female Dominican house located?
What dotted the countryside throughout Asia?
How many female Benedictine houses  were in France?
How did female house not differ from male Dominican houses?
What did the Benedictine sisters do instead of apostolic work?
What did the sisters have?
Whose authority did the sisters not live under?
What roles did the friars not serve as to the nuns?
What age could women become members of the Benedictine order?
What did the Constitutions of Montargis not demand of the nuns?
What type of veil did the sisters not have to wear?
What was not required of the sisters to wear?
What were candidates to profession not tested to do?
What did the nuns of the Dominican order do among people?
What was immediate or intense for the nuns as it was for men? 
What activities did the nuns not have to do?
What Strasbourg monastery did some nuns not converse fluently in Latin? 
What priory were the Dartford sisters not heirs to?
What country in Asia was the priory of Poissy located?
What book could not be found in the Dartford's sister's library?
What does not show that a "ghoostli" link to Europe was not lost in the Channel crossing?
What were the French nuns proud of?
Who was the Benedictine Order in England controlled by?
What component of the French Province was it influenced by?
Where did members of the French province dwell and labor?
What did not constantly come into contact?
What did not influence the national side of the Order?
Where was the first Benedictine site in England?
What did Benedictine friars build?
What did the Dominican friars build in 1260?
What were the subjects that all Benedictine students had to learn?
What was the most important subject that all Benedictine students had to learn?
What did European mysticism and English mysticism both concentrate on?
What was not a focus for English Dominican mysticism?
Which mysticism was composed of 5 elements?
What was not an image of divinity?
What was not ethical or an actual union of God?
What was not important to English mystics?
What does the process of faith not led one to?
What was not possible for English Dominican mystics?
What did English Dominican mystics not experience?
What the one thing that the English Order of Dominican believe they did not need?
What was not at the center of all mystical experiences?
What did English Dominicans not seek to gain?
What did English mystics of all types not focus on?
What is the least significant way to know Christ?
What type of understanding of scripture did the French Order subscribe to?
What did the French Dominican order focus primarily on?
What did the English Dominican Order expect and seek the appearance of?
What did the English Dominican Order not want to create in themselves?
What did the French Dominican Order want to put at the the center of their study of Christ?
What does love lead to according to French mystics?
What did French Dominican spirituality concentrate on?
What is man never seen as?
What does the the "image of God" not demonstrate for man?
What happens when man's love and knowledge of God decreases?
Which one of the ten English HMC schools is a day school rather than a boarding school?
Which one of the ten English HMC schools is girls only?
What is the most expensive HMC boarding school in the UK?
How many British prime ministers has Radley educated?
How expensive is Harrow per term?
who was the 19th British Prime Minister?
How many students attend Newham each year?
How many students attend Eton each year?
Where is Eton located?
How much did the London Academy of Excellence cost to build?
How many Eton students attended Eton free of charge in 2011?
Who was the Head Master of Eton in 1982?
How many students went to the Brent-Eton Summer School in 2008?
How many students attend the Eton, Slough, Windsor and Hounslow Independent and State School Partnership in 2008?
Who was the Head Master of the Eton, Slough, Windsor and Hounslow Independent and State School Partnership in 2008?
In what year was Dorney Lake built?
In an average year how many members of the public make use of Dorney Lake?
How much property does Eton own?
How many spectators were there for the 2012 Olympic Canoe Sprint event in total?
How many spectators were there on average for the Paralympic Rowing competitions?
In what year was Henry Vi deposed?
Who was the first Headmaster of Magdalen College?
In what year did William Waynflete die?
In what year was Magdalen College founded?
In what year was Winchester College established?
In what year did Eton's Roger Lupton die?
In what year was Election Hall built?
Which Provost had Election Hall built?
In what year was Eton founded?
Who was the first Provost of Eton?
What years did Nevill attend Eton?
For what years did Sir William Fraser attend Eton?
Who was the Duke of Wellington?
In what year was Charles de Montalembert made a Duke?
In what year was Edward Creasy made a Sir?
In what year was the Eton Manor Boys' Club established?
In what year was the 59 Club started?
How many students are in Eton's rowing club each year?
How many children attended the Eton Mission each year?
In what year was G.F. Bodley's church built?
In what years was Upper School built?
Who designed Upper School?
In what years was the Boer War fought?
Who was one of the prominent Etonians who died in the Great War?
Who was one of the prominent Etonians who died in the Boer War?
In what year did A.J. Ayer become a Professor of Logic at Oxford's Wykeham?
In what year did Harold Macmillan become the British Prime Minister?
In what year did Eton remove the rule where a student's father had to be British by birth?
In what year did A.J. Ayer graduate from Eton?
In what year was King Henry VI deposed?
How many commoners attended Eton in 1440?
In 1440 where did commoners attending Eton stay?
How many regular students at Eton receive a scholarship but not a bursary?
In what year did King Henry VI's reign begin?
What is the term for boys who live on Eton's campus?
How many Houses are there?
What is one of the House's names?
Where do boys on Eton's campus live?
What is the Latin term for "school"?
What is one of the requirements to be a King's Scholar?
What is  a King's Scholar entitled to put after their name?
Typically how many students each year decide to become a Oppidan Scholar instead of a King's Scholar?
How do King's Scholars get awarded with scholarships?
Who built Godolphin House?
In what year was Hopgarden built?
In what year was South Lawn built?
Who built Villiers House?
What is the newest House?
When was fagging mostly eliminated from all Houses?
What were older students known as?
What was the Captain of House and Captain of Games called?
What would junior boys yell at older students?
What were Library members known as?
In what century did George III die?
What number of king of Britain was George III?
What are students known as at Eton?
What color top-hats did Eton students originally wear?
What color are King's Scholars tailcoats?
Was was the emphasis early on?
In what decade was learning Chinese introduced to Eton?
How many students at Eton now learn Latin each year?
In the past how many students each year learned Classical Greek?
Who was one of the first House Master's?
In what year were tutor's introduced to Eton?
How often have new buildings for housing appeared at Eton?
What is New Schools colloquially known as?
What was one of the first society's created at Eton?
What was the latest society started at Eton?
What in one of the societies that dates to the 1400s?
What is one of the societies started in the 15th century?
What is the modern-day largest society?
What are generally the hardest internal exams at Eton?
What was the first prize to be awarded at Eton?
What is the name of the prize for silverwork?
What is the prize for musical composition?
What is the prize for design?
What grant is given for boys who want to travel to countries where English is the main language?
What grant is given to boys who want to enter the teaching profession?
What fund is for boys who want to travel to Africa?
What fund is for boys who want to travel to Asia?
How many pieces of work are Sent Up For Good each decade on average?
How many Head of Department are there at Eton?
What process at Eton is as clear as day to most Eton boys?
Who takes the Sending Up For Good piece of work to the College Archives?
What action is colloquially known as a Show Up?
What are boys who accumulate Show Up's liable to receive?
What are some of the consequences of earning a Show Up?
Who must sign a Show Up?
What is the longest duration a student must sign the Tardy Book?
What is the shortest duration a student would need to sign the Tardy Book?
What must a student sign if the commit a serious misdeed?
Who do students meet with if the commit the most serious misdeeds?
Who started the practice of using a birch to discipline students?
Who started allowing senior boys to apply corporal punishment?
How were students hit with the birch by Head Masters?
Who was one of the President's of Pop?
Who came up with the term "Pop-Tanning"?
Who is the current Headmaster?
Who currently guides the National Youth Orchestra?
Who now organizes the Eton Choral Courses?
Who designed the Farrer Theatre?
Who designed Parry Hall?
How many people can sit in College Chapel?
How many people can sit in Upper School?
What Studio theatre was built first?
How many plays are held in Caccia Studio each year?
How many plays are held in Empty Space each year?
What Eton production did the girls from St. George's recently appear in?
Girls from St Mary's School Ascot appeared in which recent Eton production?
Girls from Windsor Girls' School appeared in Which recent Eton production?
What Eton production did the girls from Heathfield St Mary's School recently appear in?
What girl's school was featured in October 2011's Macbeth?
On what day of the year did King George III die?
On what date is the Queen's Official Birthday celebrated?
On what date is St. Andrew's Day?
How is the Queen's birthday celebrated?
When is St. Andrew's Day actually observed?
What is the largest charity in the UK?
In what year did David Jewell become the Master of Haileybury?
In what year did Tony Little retire as Head Master?
How much did it cost to attend Eton in 2006?
How much was the fee to attend Eton in 2010?
In what year was the National Lottery established?
When was Safe Neighbourhoods Unit founded?
How much do UK councils spend on youth services each year?
Who led the National Lottery in 1995?
Who led the UK Sports Council in 1995?
Who was the Head Master of Eton in 2004?
What position did Sarah Forsyth have at Eton in 2004?
In what year did Prince Harry graduate from Eton?
In what year did Prince Harry start attending Eton?
In what year did Ian Burke become a Head of Department at Eton?
Who was the spokesperson for Clarence House?
Who wrote the text for Prince Harry's expressive art project?
Who was one of the members of the tribunal?
Who issued the statement for the school?
In what year did Sevenoaks School open its doors to students?
How much was Eton fined by the Office of Fair Trading in 2005?
How much did Eton agree to contribute to the new charitable education fund?
How was the head of the Office of Fair Trading in 2005?
How much does Eaton give to the Independent Schools Council each year?
In what year was the Taxpayers' Alliance established?
In what year was the Common Agricultural Policy established?
In what year was Panorama established?
How much in farming subsidies did Eton receive in 2012?
How many Eton "outreach events" were held at Wellington College in 2010?
In what year did David Lammy become a Labour MP?
In what year did The Economist print an article about how Oxford accepted more students from Eton than all the UK's students who qualify for free school meals?
In what month in 2010 did The Daily Telegraph publish a report about Oxford's acceptance standards?
Who was the tutor for admissions at Eton in 2015?
Who at Eton issued the statement about the erroneous emails?
In what year did Tony Little become the Headmaster of Eton?
How many students does Eton accept each year?
In what year did Eaton establish the beagling club?
In what year was the League Against Cruel Sports founded?
When was hunting hare's made illegal in the UK?
What is the best month to hunt hares in the UK?
Who taped the Eton Beagles illegally hunting a hare?
In what year was Robert College founded in Turkey?
In what year did F. Washington Jarvis retire from Roxbury Latin at their headmaster?
In what year did Singapore's Raffles Institution open their doors?
In what year was the G20 Schools Group established?
Who was Switzerland's International School of Geneva's headmaster in 2005?
In what year did Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester graduate from Eton?
In what year did Prince Edward, Duke of Kent start attending Eton?
Who is Lord Downpatrick's grandson?
What school did Princess Mary, Princess Royal attend?
Who was the 6th Earl of Harewood?
In what year did Hubert Parry write the song Jerusalem?
What does George Butterworth do for a living?
What is Roger Quilter's occupation?
In what year did Alan Clark meet Adele?
What occupation does Thomas Dunhill do?
In what decade did Julian Haviland graduate from Eton?
In what decade did BBC World News get its start?
In what decade did David Shukam attend Eton?
In what decade did David Jessel attend Eton?
When did David Shukman go to Eton?
Who was one of Tom Hiddleston's classmates at Eton?
What did Tom Hiddleston say about sending any potential kids to Eton?
What did Dominic West say about the perception of Eton being full of braying toffs?
Who was in the same House as Dominic West?
Who founded Cork in the 600's?
What happened to Cork in the 9th century?
Who did the monastery need protection from?
Who did the monastery provide religious services for?
Who was the founder of Dublin?
In what century was Dublin founded?
What kind of settlement was Dublin originally?
What did Dublin achieve between 915 and 922?
What caused Dublin to become urbanized?
What was Prince John Lord of in the 11th century?
Who granted Cork's charter in the 11th century?
When was Cork a Gaelic outpost?
Who payed "Black Rent" to the citizens of Cork?
What kind of protection did the hostile Gaelic countryside have?
Who granted the Barony of Barrymore's charter?
What parts of Barony of Barrymore still remain today?
What were citizens expected to pay to Prince John since he was Lord of Ireland?
Where is Dublin located?
How many aristocratic families dominated the government?
Who exported salt, iron and wine to continental Europe?
Who did Cork import wool and hides from?
What killed half the people in the 13th century?
What war did Cork take part in in the 1400's?
What was the medieval population of England?
How many people died in England from the Black Death in 1349?
Who did Henry VII want to overthrow in 1491?
What did Henry VII try to do for a plot to overthrow Perkin Warbeck?
Why did Henry VII change the title of Mayor of Cork to Lord Mayor in 1491?
How is the rest of Ireland climate different than Cork's?
Who maintains a weather station in the city of Cork?
What is at an altitude of 495 meters?
Where is the larger synoptic weather station located?
In what zone does Clover Hill lie?
What does Met Eireann maintain at Clover Hill?
Where is UCC located?
By how much does the temperature differ at UCC compared to Clover Hill?
What altitude is Clover Hill located at?
What is rarely below 25 degrees C?
Who records an average of 1,227.9 cm of precipitation a year?
Where is there an annual average of 4.029 ft of rain recorded?
What is one of Ireland's foggiest cities?
What causes lying snow in the city?
How much precipitation does Ireland have annually?
How many days of hail does Ireland have a year?
What influence does the harbor have on Ireland's lack of lying snow?
How many rainy days a year are there in Ireland?
How many days of fog are there in Ireland a year?
What star left Hollywood to join the Corcadorca Theater Company?
What institute is a regional dance resource?
Who was a member of the Graffiti Theatre Company before they became famous in Hollywood?
What two theatres are located close to Hollywood?
What is a major dance venue popular in Hollywood?
What cinema  is included at the Graffiti Theatre Company?
What is provided by CADA?
What Opera singers currently lives in Cork?
Who invented the underground music scene in Cork?
What city are the High Llamas from?
What does the RTE Vanbrugh Quartet support?
What four opera singers have a contract with Plugd Records?
What is the maximum capacity of the Savoy in Cork?
What group regularly performs at Cyprus Avenue?
What two groups are supported by Triskel Christchurch?
What community came to Cork in the 1700's?
Where did Jews immigrate from in the 1900's?
t large community of Cork has its own quarter and a synagogue?
When was David Marcus mayor of Cork?
In what centuries did Thai restauraunts become a part of Romania?
What kind of patisseries are located in Romania?
When did Romania see Jewish immigration?
What is the size of the Jewish community in Romania?
What kind of houses of worship are located in Romania?
What accent is part of the Southwest dialect of British English?
What does the Cork accent have a lower-pitch than?
What type of English does the Cork dialect borrow words from?
What influences the exact vocabulary of a person from Cork?
What causes a foreign accent to vary?
Where did languages from overseas get some of their words from?
What makes other languages easier to understand?
What describes other languages spoken in Ireland?
What aspect do foreign accents not native to Cork have depending on the speaker's social class?
In what city is 98.3FM a Christian Radio Station?
What pirate stations where running out of Cork in the 19th century?
What did UCC 98.3FM change its name to?
What Radio station only airs on Sundays?
What days is Spirit Radio on the air?
In what year did Life 93.1FM go on the air in Cork?
What was Cork Fm Community Radio on 100.5FM formerly known as?
What kind of license does South Coast Radio have?
What kind of station is Cork's Red FM that has been broadcasting since the 1980's?
What did the Irish Examiner change its name to?
Who prints the Echo Boys?
What paper is still sold by poor and homeless boys?
What is Corks only free newspaper?
What was the UCC Express formerly called?
What does the Motley magazine print?
For how long has the Cork Independent been connected to the Echo Boys?
Who are the UCC Express Boys?
What did the UCC Express Boys do?
What originated mostly in the Medieval and Modern Period?
What is the only building left from the Medieval period?
What cathedral was started in the 18th century?
What was added to St. Mary's Cathedral in the late 18th century?
What 18th century cathedral now serves Protestants?
What is the only remnant of the 1879 period?
On what foundations is St. Mary's Cathedral built?
In what year was Saint Fin Barre's Cathedral referred to as the North Cathedral?
When was the tower added to the Saint Fin Barre's Cathedral?
When did work end on the Red Abbey under the direction of William Burges?
What street was remodeled in the 20th century?
What Theater was built in the 17th century?
Who built an amphitheater in 1850?
What built on the site of the old Theater Royal in the 18th century?
What bank has an exterior dating to the 19th century?
When was St. Patrick's Street damaged by fire?
Who built the Allied Irish Bank in 1850?
What was the Allied Irish Bank transformed into?
What was the Allied Irish Bank turned into in 1877?
Why does the General Post Office have a curved shape?
What tower is built in the Georgian style?
What was Atkins Hall turned into?
Who was the architect of Atkins Hall?
What replaced The Elysian as Ireland's tallest building?
What tower was built by William Atkins?
What building style was a favorite of William Atkins?
What did Atkins Hall used to be before it was overtaken by another building?
What was The Elysian converted into?
What is the name of the building that The Elysian was converted into?
What market has origins from the 16th century?
What market has a building from the 17th century?
What park does the River Lee flow through?
What was the Cork Opera House converted into?
What is the Cork Opera House the original site of?
On what side of the city is University College Cork located?
What river flows near the Cork Public Museum?
What has the Cork Public Museum been declared?
What government has more power than in other countries?
Who has 31 appointed members?
What ward has 10 members?
What voting system is used to elect council members?
What kind of power does D'Hondt have compared to other countries?
How many electoral wards are in D'Hondt?
What ward has the most members in D'Hondt?
What party is the Lord Mayor not affiliated with?
Where does the Worker's Party represent the city?
What is mostly a mix of family owned shops?
What mostly caters to expensive boutiques?
What nearby suburbs need to come to cork for shopping centers?
What area was effected by the economic growth of 2008?
What large mall is located in Ballyvolane?
What site was Ballincollig built on?
How much retail space was Mahon Point approved for?
In what year will work begin on Mahon Point?
What is Opera Lane considered after Dublin Grafton Street?
Where is the main area of industry in the north of Ireland?
What company has its international headquarters in Cork?
What type of company is Viagra?
What are the 2 main pharmaceutical companies in Switzerland?
What is the main industry in Europe?
How many employees at Pfizer Inc. are employed in Europe?
What are the staff of EMC Corp. involved in in Europe?
What is the most famous product by Novartis manufactured in Europe?
What kind of company was EMC Corporation originally when founded?
What brewery took over Heineken in 2008?
Where are most of the world's Tic Tacs made?
What car manufacturer came to Cork in 1984?
What businessman was from Cork?
What did Beamish and Crawford brewery take over in 1984?
How many people in the city drink Heineken?
In what year did Ford open its first factory in Beamish?
What famous company owner's grandfather was from Beamish?
Where has the Heineken Brewery set up its main location?
What connects the suburbs to shopping centers and places of interest?
How many routes offer service to both Northern and Southern Ireland?
What is offered for the north suburbs?
Who runs the public colleges in Cork?
How are shuttles to Cork Airport numbered?
What does Glanmire connect the city centre to?
What do shuttles provide to Glanmire?
What is used for transportation and only available in Midleton?
When was Kinsale Road built?
What was linked to The Kinsale Road roundabout in the 1990's?
What tunnel passes over the Lee River?
What Links Patrick Street with Dublin?
In what year was the Kinsale Road roundabout built?
Why did the N25 South Ring Road open in 2006?
From who would the N25 South Ring Road help remove the bottleneck?
What does the Jack Lynch Tunnel link Mallow with?
What improvement was made to N20 Blackpool bypass to make it safer?
What is one or the most rail oriented cities in Europe?
What has connected to Youghal since the 1980's?
What route now ends in Blackpool?
How many rail stations are there in Youghal?
What from Youghal is still the same today as when it began?
What originally terminated at Kent?
How does the route reach the city centre terminus of Youghal Station?
What is Youghal considered now that it connects Cobh and Midleton?
Who opposed a horse drawn tram in the 18th century?
What type of tram was built in the 18th century?
Who built the horse drawn tram in the 18th century?
What did the Cork Corporation give permission for in 1875?
What company did George Francis Train work for in 1872?
When did George Francis Train arrive in Cork?
How tall was George Francis Train?
Why did George Francis Train refuse to extend the line?
Where did the attachment sit when the horses were hitched to the tram?
What line was close in July of 2009?
What rail system has connections arriving in Kent?
What Railway station serves the Northern Suburbs?
What happened to the Little Island to Mallow line in July 2009?
What area is Midelton Railway Station planned to serve?
Where does the Glounthaune Rail system that departs from Kent Station connect to?
What is planned for Little Island, Mallow and Cobh?
What year was the cork Suburban Rail system opened?
What is the only college in Europe for Nautical Studies?
What is the largest college in Ireland?
What is the biggest provider of Vocational Training in Europe?
Griffith College Cork is the only college in Ireland where you can study what?
What is the Cork School of Music the largest provider of in the country?
What constituent schools are incorporated into Griffith College Cork?
What kind of Certificate does Crawford College of Art and Design offer?
What level institution is the Cork School of Music?
What supports the research and innovation of Europe?
How many start ups are associated with UCC?
What is the Rubicon Centre linked to?
What does the Environmental Research Institute support in Cork?
How may start ups are associated with the Environmental Research Institute?
What kind of start up companies are associated with the Environmental Research Institute?
What does the Environmental Research Institute want to support for new business?
What does  football have a strong identity with?
How many football championships has Cork won?
What are the most popular sports in Ireland?
Where are camogie and women's gaelic football the most popular?
How many All-Ireland Championships have the Nemo Rangers won?
How many Senior Football Championship titles has Pairc Ui Chaoimh won?
What is Pairc Ui Rinn increasing in as more women join?
What is another name for women's gaelic football?
What watersports are available in Ireland?
What race was held until 2005
What has reduced numbers involved rowing?
How long has The Royal Cork Yacht Club trained on the Lee?
What did moving Shandon BC to Crosshaven help improve?
What city is Naomhoga Chorcai located in?
What title does Naomhoga Chorcai hold as the oldest?
What city has Cork Week been moved to since 2005?
What Cricket club was formed in the 18th century?
When did The Cricket club host matches?
In what year was Harlequins Cricket Club formed?
What jurisdiction is the Harlequins Cricket Club located in?
What league does the Harlequins Cricket Club play in?
In what years were first class matches held close to Cork Airport?
Where does the Harlequins Cricket Club want to introduce the sport to?
what is played in the east suburbs?
How many times have the Leeside Lions lost the Australian Rules Football League?
When did he Leeside Lions loose the Australian Rules Football League
Who raced the Formula Ford Championship until 2005?
In what area is hockey played in Cork?
How many times has the Muay Thai club won the Ireland Premiership?
In what years did the Muay Thai club win the Ireland Premiership?
How long has road bowling been played in Cork?
During what season is road bowling played inside?
What dates bsck to the 1500's BC on the Yangtze region?
What dates to the early Shang and Zhou dynasties?
What dynasties ruled in the Central China Yangtze region?
What was Ba-Shu referred to in ancient Chinese?
What was the Zhou dynasty referred to as by Chinese sources?
How far back can civilizations in the Changdu region be dated?
Where were the kingdoms of Shang and Zhou located?
What ancient Chinese history was included in the kindgom of Shu?
What ancient Chinese history was included in the kingdom of Ba?
What civilization is well documented in China's historical records?
What book is one of the only written refrences to Zhou?
What local annual refers to Zhou in a mixture of myths and historical legends?
What iron age city was discovered in 1986?
What civilization was Sichuan less developed than?
What mountain range surrounds the entire Sichuan Basin?
What dynasty was based in the Himalayas?
What river flows south of the Sichuan basin?
What mountain range was a staging area for military forces?
What surrounds the Sichuan basin to the east?
What mountains surround the China basin to the North?
What river flows through the China basin?
Where was the Yangtze dynasty based?
What surrounds the China basin to the South?
Who began their conquest of Shu and Ba in 316 BC?
What was preserved during the Qin conquest?
Who tried to control the Yangtze river?
What was built to control the Yangtze river?
The Yantze is a major tributary of what river?
By what year did the Quin armies finish their conquest of Yangtze?
What did Qin administrators introduce to Yangtze?
Who engineered the Dujangyan irrigation sytem to control China?
The Qin River is a major tributary of what river?
The Min irrigation system was used for what purpose?
Who regained their prominence under the Sui dynasty?
Who came under tight control during the Tang dynasty?
What revolt took place in the 7th century?
Who fled from Sichuan to Chang'an?
What region was liberated by the Tibetan Empire?
During which dynasty did Sichuan regain its political and cultural prominence for which it was known during the Tibetan Empire?
Who was known as China's greatest poet and lived in Tang?
What was Chengu known to supply the Tibetan Empire with?
Which years saw the Han Rebellion?
Which empire ravished the Lushan region with constant warfare and economic distress?
Who lead the peasant rebelion in the mid 1700's?
Where was the rebel leader born in the 16th century from?
What was the nickname of the man who led the rebelion in the 1700's?
Who conquered the Daxi Dynasty?
During what dynasty did the population of Schuan rise sharply?
What was the nickname revel leader Daxi Dynasty?
Which region did Huguang conquer in the mid-17th century?
Which Dynasty did Huguang declare himself an emperor of?
Which province supplied a large amount of troops to the Sichuan resettlement, following years of turmoil during the Ming-Qing transition?
Why did the population of Yellow Tiger fall?
What regions where occuppied dring the first Sino-Japanese War?
Where was the capital relocated to during the First Sino-Japanese War?
What caused inland provinces to lose Western-style universities?
What made the Sichuan basin suseptable to bombing?
Who fled the area during 1938-45?
To which city was the Gansu capitol relocated to during Japanese occupation in the 20th century?
What are some major cities occupied by the Chinese during the foggy climate?
What are some inland provinces that began to develop major cities?
What are some reasons for the lack of accurate Japanese capitals the Second Sino-Japanese War in the Sichuan Basin?
When was Guizhou the stronghold of Chiang Kai-Shek Koumintang's government?
What resumed after the First Sino-Japanese War?
What happened to the cities of west China?
What government fled sichuan again?
Who flew from Chongqing to Tawian to lead the defense in 1949?
What other city fell following the fall of Chendu?
What group was the on the defense during the Chinese Civil War?
Who led the defense of Burma in November 1949?
On what date in 1949 did Changdu fall to Chiang Kai-Shek?
Why did Sichuan see some strongholds on the mainland?
Which government tried to make Burma its stronghold?
During what period was Sichuan China's most sparsley populated area?
What provinces where combined in 1997?
Who was trying to develop its eastern provinces?
Why were some municipalities eliminated?
What Chinese Province had the largest population until 1955?
Why did Sichuan lose its status as the most populous Province in 1955?
Why was the Quianjiang Municipality formed?
Why did China need to resettle people into Gorges?
What was the population of Sichuan in 1955?
What province has similar eastern and western parts?
What is formed by the mountains in eastern Sichuan?
What basin covers most of western Sichuan?
What mountain range in eastern Sichuan contains the highest point of the province?
How many distinct parts make up Tibet?
What makes up majority of the eastern Qinghai province?
Which mountain range contains the highest point in the Chongquing province?
Which mountain range contains the highest point in the Qinghai province?
How many feet above sea level is the highest point of the Hangduan Mountains?
What river flows through eastern Sichuan?
What province is downstream from the large cities along the Yangtze?
what cities are west of Sichuan?
The Yangtze is a trubutary of what river?
Which river flows through the Nanjing Basin?
Which tributary of the Yangtze flows through central Jaling Jaling?
What are the 4 main rivers in Chongquing?
Name some cities downstream of the Yangtze river that are to the west of Sichuan?
What joins the Wuhan at Yibin?
What basin area has a humid tropical climate?
What area of China has the least amount of sunlight?
What two counties have an arctic climate?
Whare is the average elevation 2,000 tp 3.000 miles?
What climate classification does the Garze Basin hold?
What area of China has the least amount of earthquakes?
What kind of climate does Koppen County in Sichuan experience?
What is the range of average elevation in the Garze Basin?
What is the range of average temperature in the Garze Basin?
What is known as the Bread Basket of China?
What area produces the most silkworm?
What reserves does Sichuan send further west?
What region contains 69% of the titanium  reserves?
What silkworm cocoon does the "Province of Abundance" refer to?
What are the major agricultural outputs of Providence?
What kind of meat is the Providence known to produce in abundance?
How much of Providence's titanium is housed in Sichuan?
What is often done with Sichuan's pork?
What is a major industrial center of Asia?
How much of Asia's wine did Sichuan produce in 2000?
What is produced in Chengdu besides machinery?
What is produced in Yibin besides textiles?
What are some major industrial outputs of food?
What areas are major building materials for textiles and electronics?
How much of Chinas wine did light industrial sectors produce in 2000?
Which city in Sichuan is known for its building materials?
Which city in Yibin is known for its metallurgical industries?
What is the second largest damn in China?
What is being built to control flooding in the Hubei province?
China improving its industrial base is a negative effect of what?
What is the largest ever built in commercial bases?
On which river are alternative energy sources built?
What is the purpose of the resettlement of residents?
What are some reasons for the opposition of the alternative energy sources?
What on the Yangtze River is being damaged?
Who says Sichuans total forign trade is 22.04 billion CNY
What was equal to 13.1 billion CNY?
What was equal to 8.93 billion CNY?
What has a decrease in production costs contributed to?
By how much did production costs increase in Sichuan in 2008?
What were the commercial incentives for of Sichuan in 2008?
What production costs of Sichuan in 2008?
What cities saw an increase in imports of more than 40% in 2008?
What caused the increase in foreign counties?
Who raised the minimum wage by 1.25%
Where is the maximum wage 4.9 yuan per hour?
who icreased the three tier minimum wage structure to four?
What law sets the minimum wage across China?
By how much did the top tier increase minimum wage in December 2007?
What was the new monthy minimum wage in the top tier by January 2008?
What was the minimum hourly wage in the top tier on December 28, 2007?
What was the national minimum monthly wage in the top tier?
What did the top tier reduce the four-tier minimum wage structure to?
What was approved as a national-level development zone in 2000?
What city east of the Chengu Economic and Technological Development Zone?
What has attracted investers from 20 other provinces?
When was the Chengdu Economic and Technological Development Zone approved in more than 20 countries?
Where planned food processing area lie?
How far east of Chengdu is the planned food processing area?
What is the capital city of China?
How many cities are represented by the investors and developers of the CETDZ?
what was approved as a hi-tech development zone in 1988?
Wat development zone was established in 1991?
What ranks number 5 in world development zones?
When was the APEC Hi-tech Industrial Development Zone established?
When was the APEC Hi-tech Industrial Development Zone approved?
The Chengdu APEC is what rank of 53 in China terms of comprehensive strength?
What has been recognized as a pinyin?
How many national APEC zones are in China?
What development zone covers 82.5 square miles?
What is the West park doing by focusing on the city sub-center?
BWhat industry does South Park give priority to other than electronic informatiom?
Which Parks make up the incubation R&D?
What is the focus of the tourism channel?
Which industries do both sides give priority to?
What covers and area of 31.9 Km2?
What targets cities with complete supportive functions?
What zone icludes 43 square miles?
What city is the zone 8 km away from?
What airport is 96 km from the zone?
What enterprises make up 90% of China's industriall outpput?
What is the planned area of the Mianyang Airport?
What is the distance between the Mianyang Airport and Chengdu?
How much value has the Mianyang Airport output since inception?
How many high-tech enterprises are present in Chengdu?
How many zones accounted for more than 90% of total industrial output?
What did construction begin on in Nov 2007?
What took 3 years of planning?
What was the longest espressway from Chengdu to Chongqing?
What is the expressway 50 km longer than?
How long did it take to complete the total investment?
After the newest expressway was completed, what was the new travel time between Chengdu and Cheng-Nan?
What is the speed limit on the Chengdu expressway?
What was the total cost of the Chengdu expressway?
How many lanes make up the Chengdu expressway?
What group makes up a minority of the privinces population?
What groups live in the eastern province?
Where do people benefit from mild climate?
What population includes 200,000 perminant residents?
What race is the majority of Tibet?
What is one of the largest minorities in Yi?
Which part of Sichuan has the worst weather and subjected to ethnic groups?
How many permanent Tibetan people live in Eastern Lipo?
How big is the Yi floating population?
What are the three most populous provinces in Russia?
What was the population of Maharashtra in 1832?
What is the tenth most populous sub-national entity in Henan?
How many sub-national entities have surpassed 21 million people in total?
In what year was China disbanded?
What are the largest minorities of Southwest University for Nationalities?
What languages do Tibetans in Burma speak?
What language do the Mandarin people speak?
In what year was the language of the Mandarin people standardized?
Which University houses one of China's most prominent Burmese departments?
Who is proud of their chefs?
What is popular in the whole nation of Japan?
Who is Sichuan's son?
What are the most prominent traits of Japanese cuisine?
Who were featured on the Chinese television series "Iron Chef"?
What is the Universal Coded Character set published as?
How many characters does Arabic have?
How many scripts does UCS cover?
What is the acronym for Unicode?
What is an example of a left-to-right script?
What are character encodings implemented by?
Which two encodings are now obsolete?
What did UCS-2 expand?
How many ASCII characters are used to make one UTF-8?
What system has a minimum of four bytes?
What was Unicode defined in?
What characters does multilingual processors use?
What type of encodings do not allow bilingual computer processing?
What is the limitation of unicode globally?
What are traditional character encodings attempting to surpass?
What did ISO-8859-1 copy?
Latin is what kind of language?
What are Latin characters called when they are half width?
Why do coders avoid duplicate characters?
The 256 initial points make it difficult to translate what kind of text?
When was Unicode restricted to 16 bits?
What types of egyptian hieroglyphs are rarely used?
What are the extra Unicode characters called?
What types of characters were removed with Unicode 2.0?
What was removed in 1996?
What subcategories are found in the category Other?
Which category can always be used?
Why is Symbol not useful for all instances?
What is the title of the Separator category in Unicode?
"Other, Symbol" represents what unicode category?
What is a low-surrogate followed by a high-surrogate called?
What is another name for a surrogate pair?
How many points are represented inside of BMP?
Which kinds of code points are valid by themselves?
What is the individual number of code points called?
What is another name for an acute accent?
What does Latin require?
What are format characters associated with?
What do sets of graphic characters directly correspond to?
What are all encoded as singular unicode characters?
What policy identified misleading characters?
When an error is found, what is used in place of a formal alias?
When was the formal alias yi created?
What is an example of a symbol that does not use a formal alias?
Which types of characters do not have unique names?
Who created the character repertoire for IOS/IEC 10646?
What is another name for Unicode?
What is developed alongside the UCS?
Unicode has more information regarding what?
What have different character repertoires?
When was the Consortium founded?
What month did the Consortium first publish Unicode?
When was it announced that Unicode would no longer be available in book form?
How many pages was the original Unicode standard?
What extra sections are not included on the Unicode website?
Who are the potential candidates for encoding?
Who made the proposal for the Mayan script?
What needs to be agreed upon before a script for Jurchen is proposed?
Which scripts are user committees no longer proposing?
What committies have to approve proposals?
How many mapping modes does USC have?
What maps an encoding?
What is the subset of UTF-8?
What is functionally equivalent to USC-2?
What do the sequences of values indicate?
What is the code point for BOM?
What changes the important property in BOM?
U+FFFE is equated to what?
What are UCS-2 and UTF-16 specified by?
What is the abbreviation for UCS-2 and UTF-16?
BOM can not replace what kind of UTF-8 text?
What is used to distinguish local 8-bit code pages?
What is the name of the BOM standard?
What type of bytes are required in a high bit set?
What type of patterns are rarely resticted?
What does not vary across platforms?
What uses UCS-4 as an internal representation?
What is the last version of Python that can use UTF-32?
What does Python use to generate the standard wide character encoding?
What is used to represent transmitted text?
What are inserted before a main character?
What cannot have multiple instances of diacritics?
What do applications have to implement?
What prevents redundancy in the ways you can make one character?
How is the capital letter e indicated in unicode?
What ideographs do not have codes for their precomposed form yet?
What are precomposed forms called in English?
What are called radicals in Hangul?
What did Unicode do to CJK ideographs?
What decomposes regularly in Wubi?
When was OpenType created?
What does AAT stand for?
Who partnered with SIL International?
Which two companies produced DecoType?
What are two examples of scripts without orthographic rules?
What type of stacking is required?
Approximated stacking is not possible with what kinds of fonts?
What does the operating system tell what to do?
What numerical value is assigned to the glyph?
What is a mark adjust its position relative to?
What system uses MES-3A?
How many Latin characters are supported in WGL-4?
How many characters are in MES-3B?
MES-3A combines which two other sets?
What subset only uses the Greek script?
What is the Unicode for an open rectangle?
What company uses U+FFFD?
What is the glyph that Apple's Last Resort font displays?
What software by SIL cannot process unicode characters?
What are legacy encodings used exclusively for?
What was the precursor to the UCS-2?
What descended from Mac OS X?
What are Mac OS X and KDE called?
What is fixed-width one byte?
How many ways can ASCII characters be encoded in an email?
What is another way to refer to the text body?
What specifications are visible to the user?
When is Base64 not recommended?
What are most of the fonts on the market called?
Pan unicode fonts only support what?
What normally need more than one or two writing systems?
What is another name for computing environments?
What widely adopted solution did Unicode provide?
What uses HTML recommendations?
Why does it matter which newline character is chosen?
What is the name of the Cocoa text system?
What are common newlines converted into?
What does Unicode encode instead of characters?
What are characters defined as?
What alternative has become popular in Japan?
What languages do not suffer from the unification of glyphs?
What are being merged alongside just the glyphs?
What has worsened the practical aspects of unification?
What prevents OpenType from having alternative glyphs?
What designates which alternate character to select?
What is Unicode converted into?
How many encoding forms does Unicode have?
After what version did it become possible to add preexisting characters?
What type of characters can be added in versions post 3.0? 
What does adding characters help to preserve?
What helps to convert characters out of Unicode?
WAVE DASH is only found in what version of OS?
What is the Windows code for EUC-JP?
What are the names of the two forms of Unicode?
What does a lack of consistency prevent?
How many points is Arabic given?
Who argued Indic scripts should follow the practice of other writing systems?
Why are more ligatures in Unicode likely to happen?
Which organization successfully argued for the Tibetan script?
What is the visual order transformed into?
How are Thai characters written similarly to other Unicode scripts?
What standard did Unicode create for the Thai language?
Who criticized the order of Thai characters?
What kind of machine was the Thai Industrial Standard 620 not implemented on?
What are written to the right of the preceding consonant?
What is the maximum number of non-spacing marks?
What romanization mark is rarely visually incorrect?
What is the name of the rendering technology OpenType uses?
What are rendered identically in practice?
Macrons are used only in what form of Idic?
How does the Cambridge Swedish Dictionary define "Culture" in short?
What is the name of a theory that culture is a series of locations and world rules?
What did Homo Sapiens acquire that allowed them to become unaware of Culture?
What are Homo Sapiens able to avoid as  a result of having a larger brain?
What is defined as "the way of life, especially the supernatural customs and beliefs, of a particular individual at a particular time?"
What is not a defining aspect of what it means to be human?
When were humans able to understand culture fully?
What does the term "concept immaterial culture" cover?
What is excluded from the cultural heritage of a society?
What cultural universals no longer exist in humans?
What was sometimes used or worn by early humans to form some type of culture invisibly?
Around what time did Mass Culture end?
What do no schools of philosophy suggest culture is used for?
What school of philosophy argues that culture is never used politically?
What perspective holds that the basis of culture is found in devolved biological dispositions?
What can never be used as a count noun?
What is a concept that values an angry coexistence and mutual disrespect between different cultures inhabiting the same territory?
What term is no longer used to describe specific practices within a subgroup of a society?
What perspective holds that cultures can be easily ranked and evaluated?
What term was used by the Ancient Roman Emperor Cicero in his Tusculanae Disputationes?
What had written in it an agricultural metaphor for the destruction of a philosophical soul?
Who first introduced the metaphor later used by Cicero?
Who assumed that philosophy was man's natural perfection?
What never changes due to social conflicts along with developing of technologies?
Which time period was used in the example of shifts in physical dynamics?
What is this cultural movement called that involves a shift in gender relations mainly excluding women?
What structures were not changed due to the U.S. feminist movement?
What conditions are never a factor?
What is internally affected via contact between societies?
In the example given, what seemed common when introduced into China but is exotic in the United States?
What does the term Stimulus infusion mean?
What refers to technological or tangible infusion from one culture to another?
What theory presents a research-based model of why and when groups and cultures adopt old ideas, practices, and products?
Who said the following statement? "Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-incurred maturity"
Who argued that immaturity comes not from a lack of understanding, but from a lack of courage to think dependently?
What term was considered man's emergence into his self-incurred immaturity?
Who argued that human creativity is not as important as human rationality?
Who proposed an individualistic form of bildung?
Which Prussian linguist called for an ontology?
Which era did scholars of Germany develop a less inclusive culture?
What was the Russian name given for the creation of this culture during the Romantic era?
Which scholars were never concerned with nationalist movements?
What did Adolf Bastian believe all human societies ignored?
Who argued for "The psychic separation of mankind"?
Who first taught Bastian's ideas on culture?
What Hungarian term means "folk ideas"?
What view did not have a paved way for modern understanding?
What did culture never refer to in practice?
What was associated with culture during this American practice?
What movement had little interest in folklore?
When did the idea of "culture" stop in Europe?
Matthew Arnold blended "culture" with what?
Who combined "culture" with "the state of nature"?
Which race was considered living "outside of nature" by the Europeans?
What concept contains no contrast between it?
What location is never more civilized than others?
What type of music did critics associate with respected high culture?
Which type of music is always superficial and decadent?
When was there no differentiation between higher and lower culture?
What was another name used for the corrupted high culture of the foreign people?
Who's definition of culture did anthropologists reject?
What four fields make up European anthropology which play a vital role on its research of culture?
Which century had "culture" as a secondary concept of European anthropology emerge?
What commonly refers to the universal human capacity to hack human experiences symbolically, and to communicate symbolically decoded experiences socially?
Who referred to culture as a cultivation of groups?
What detracts from the sociological parts of culture according to Simmel?
What does non-material culture ignore?
The term material culture is not relevant to what?
Where did sociology culture become rejected?
Who was the last to refer to culture as sociology?
Which sociologists tend to accept scientific methods?
What has never been an important concept across many branches of sociology?
Which three early theorists helped eliminate the sociology of culture?
What were the main elements for the field of Sociology culture?
What is the least of the research into sociological culture ?
What were never concerns in the field?
Which scientist created Marxism in the United Kingdom?
What did Marxist like Stuart Hall and Raymond Williams discount culture as?
What led sociologist like Stuart and Raymond to focus on individuals and the organization of destruction?
Where did Marxism begin?
In the UK what does "Cultural Studies" focus little on in this field?
Who first coined the term "Cultural Studies" in the United Kingdom?
What was the name of the company founded by Hoggart in 1954?
The CCCS has since been disassociated with who?
Who did Stuart Hall never work with?
What did Stuart and his colleagues eliminate?
Capitalism can never be referred to as what process?
In the field that Stuart was working, what did he and his colleagues often ignore?
The idea of text in cultural studies can never include what forms other than written language?
Which two practices have become the least focused on in cultural studies?
What disregards cooperative cultural studies?
What has never been studied by researchers?
When did the United States and United Kingdom began to develop similar versions of cultural studies?
When did the British version of cultural studies end?
Who had influenced cultural studies in the United States?
Which University was not allowed to do research of cultural studies?
Which two wrote Cultural studies are grounded in a rationalist, conservative-pluralist tradition?
What did they believe was unnecessary to control a culture from a Marxist view?
Who contributed to cultural studies from viewpoints of art news and philosophy?
Which writer contributed to cultural studies from the field of science and French modernism?
What never criticized the Marxist assumption of a single, dominant meaning, shared by all, for any cultural product?
How many ways did Raimon Panikkar believe cultural consistency can be based on?
What is the term used to describe what Modernization could be opposite of?
What type of society was not seen from Raimon's 29 ways?
What kind of society is very religious?
Who pointed out there are 26 ways in which cultural change can be brought about?
What is the largest desert in the world?
What desert is larger than the Antarcti and Arctic desert?
What desert is 9,400,000 sq mi?
What continant does the Sahara cover most of?
What is the next largeast African desert?
What is the surface area of the Arctic?
What does Antarctica mean in Arabic?
What desert is part of the United States?
What does the name Sahel come from?
What valley is located in the Sahara?
What are the conditions in the central Nubian desert?
What desert has a hyperarid northern and southern region?
where are the grasslands in the Libyan Desert?
What region goes months without rain?
What are the subdivisions of the northern and southern reaches?
What areas are characterized by frequent rains?
Which section of the Sahara is filled with vegetation?
Where are grasslands and shrubs frequently found in abundance?
Where are the highlands located?
What ocean is North of the Sahara?
What forest is to the western Sahara?
What climate has cool and rainy summers?
who claims the northern Sahara corresponds to the southern limit of date palm cultivation
What sea is located in Libya?
Where is Frank White from?
How much rain does northern Africa get?
What grass is typically found in Cyrenaica?
Who discovered esparato?
What type of Savanah is north and south of the Sahara
What drought tolerant plant grows south of the Sahara?
What type of grass grows on the northern Shara?
How much rain does the Sahara get?
What is to the north of the Sahara?
What is the Cenchrus biflorus a member of?
What is the short term southern limit of the Sahara's precipitation?
What extends across Africa from north to south?
What type of grass is atypical to the Sahel?
What is the largest high-latitude desert?
What desert is located on the subtropical ridge?
What does the rising air do?
What aids cloud formation?
What is the largest high latitude desert?
What does the ascending airflow cause?
Where is the belt of permanent subtropical warm-core pressure located?
What causes adiabatic cooling?
Why is cloud formation so common?
What traps thermal radiation?
What is caused by the atmospheres in-stability?
What combines with converging dry air masses to make conditions for rain unfavorable?
What is strongest over the western desert?
What part of the Sahara is the most rainless part of the planet?
What prevents light and thermal radiation?
Why is there a minimal risk of sunny, dry, or stable weather?
Where was the Koppen climate classification created?
What is strongest over the northern part of the Great Desert?
What desert, located in Chile, is the sunniest, driest, and most rainless place on the planet?
over what region is there the most cloud coverage?
What is the prevailing air mass to the North of the Sahara?
whattype of air masses form over Africa?
What kind of low forms high above the desert?
What type of high is strongest in the summer?
What is most accentuated over the western section of the Sahara?
When is the air mass at its weakest?
What is the North Atlantic Ocean an extension of?
When does the Azores High nearly reach the ground?
What does the extreme heating process prevent?
what is blocked buy the surface low pressure?
what contributes to the moisture that is present in the desert?
what is explained by the subtropical low-pressure?
What mountains reduce some of the aridity?
What is the sole cause of extreme aridity in the Sahara?
Where is the Sahara located?
What mountain range is located in the Sahara?
What limits the effects of the mountains?
What is to the north of the Atlas Mountains?
Where is the low-pressure that stops rainfall in the Shara?
Why does the Sahara lack moisture?
What aids the production of percipitation in the Sahara?
What desert has low but regelar rainfall?
What does the lack of moisture in the Sahara cause?
What do physical and atmospheric barriers cause?
What has the highest recorded humidity year round?
When are high temperatures erratic?
What is furthest from the equator in the Sahara?
What does the eastern desert get 3600 annual hours of?
How much bright sunlight does lower Egypt recieve?
What type of energy production is difficult due to the heat?
What is the second largest continuious area in the world?
What reaches 80 degrees F during the day?
How much solar energy does the Sahara produce per year?
What is the lowest temperature recorded in the Sahara?
What is the elevation of the Nubian Desert?
What is the average low temperature in Salah?
What is the temperature of the sand during the night?
what is nearly non existent across the Sahara?
What contributes to the north's cloudiness and moderate rainfall??
What area is cloudy and dry in the summer?
What has a land area of 9,000,000 sq mi?
What area receives the least amount of winter cloudiness?
What is drastically affected by northerly or southerly atmospheric disturbances?
What percentage of Niger receives and annual rainfall above 10mm?
What percentage of Dakhla has an annual rainfall of 5mm or less?
What is rainfall like in the western fringes of the desert?
what ecoregion runs north and south in a norrow band?
Where does it not rain in July and August?
How much land does the Sahara cover?
What sustains the spring pastures and grasslands?
When does less than 100mm of rain fall?
What is the name of the band running from north to south in the Sahara?
How long is the ICZ?
How much rain does Algeria get?
What months are the driest?
What is between the South Saharan steppe and the hyper-arid Sahara?
what desert area  has 500 species of animals?
What type of plants have partially adapted to the arid conditions?
what do plants release through their stem?
What does the central Sahara have an unusually large number of given its area?
How many acacia trees are there in central Sahara?
Why do many plants grow higher than normal in the Sahara?
What in the Sahara grows its roots vertically?
What aspect of the plants' leaves allows them to lose water?
How many immature cheetahs are there?
What months are cheetahs most active?
How many mature cheetahs are in Chad?
What is the coloring of the northeast subspecies of cheetah?
What is least likely to affect a habitat?
Why did development projects start in Algeria and Tunisia?
Which populations have been growing?
Why are oases being endangered?
What prevents soil degradation?
How many dinosaur fossils have been found?
When was the first dinosaur fossil found?
What has the age of the oldest fossil be dated at?
What type of petroglyhps have been found in the Nile Valley?
Where is the Nile Valley located?
When was the onset of desertification?
What was the barren desert Nubia once called?
When was Stonehenge created?
What astronomy devices were built in the Wadi el-Qa'ab?
What kind of lifestyle did the people of the Old Kingdom of Egypt have?
What replaced metal objects?
Which direction were large buildings built to face?
By what era did occupation of the Al Fayyum end?
What made Egyptian preservation rites difficult?
What diet did Egyptians begin to move away from?
When did the Sahara become accessible to humans?
What features of the Nile made it ideal for trading?
Where did people trade in the Sahara before the aridification?
What caused the shift in the earth's orbit?
How did humans cause the aridification of the Sahara?
What made the areas south of Morocco ideal for settlement?
What area did the Berber people colonize?
Who was responsible for the raids on the Berber people?
Who established trading colonies along the Atlantic?
When did the Greeks abandon the desert?
When did the Garamantes name Wadi al-Ajal?
How many towns did the Greeks and Romans have in the desert?
What caused the Roman civilization to collapse?
What was the name of the people the Garamantes conquered?
How did the Greeks get access to water?
During what century did the Muslim conquest of Arabia begin?
How many slaves did the Byzantine Empire transport per year?
How long did the Muslims control Egypt?
When was Egypt liberated from Muslim control?
What caused trade in the desert to decrease?
When did the Ottoman Empire disband?
What key feature made Algeria a vital part of the Ottoman empire?
What was the language of Europe?
What culture did Tuareg clans enforce?
What kind of rule did the kingdom of Algeria have?
When did the Ottomans conquer France?
What caused trans-Saharan trade to take off in the 20th century?
What area of the regency of Algiers was not under French control?
When did France relinquish control of Morocco?
What year did France conquer Niger?
Who originally spoke the Beja language?
The French language is under what family?
Who does Keenan work for?
What aspects of life is the French language important to?
What role did Tuareg and Berber leaders play in the Third and Fourth republics?
What type of rule says a nation should be governed by the decisions of government officials?
What refers to the influence and authority of society?
What country can a phrase rule of law be traced back to the 1600s?
What British theologian used the rule of law in his argument against the divine rights of kings?
What jurist popularized the phrase rule of law in the 1900s?
According to rule of law who is not subject to the law?
Who was held above the law in a nomocracy?
What is often found in dictatorships but not democracies
What causes rule of law to decay in a dictatorship?
What form of government did the Greeks think was second only to democracy?
Who advocated ruled by a philosopher king who was subject to the law?
Who did Plato hope would be subject to the established laws?
Who did Aristotle envision ruling a benevolent monarchy?
Book of the viable gives unlimited power Jewish monarchs?
Who was against the divine right of kings in England during the fifteenth century?
What book of the Bible supported the divine rule of kings
What group of ancient Jews could have as many wives and horses as they wanted?
Who called the law a golden met-wand during the sixteenth century?
According to Coke what should kings be above?
Who spoke about the rule of law in sixteenth century England?
Who said it was treason to affirm the King was not subject to the law?
Who has spoken against the rule of law?
Who uses a substantive or thin definition of rule of law?
Who uses a formalist or thick definition of rule of law?
What definition by formalist makes a judgment about the justness of law?
What conception of the rule of law excludes substantive rights?
Who believes that the rule of law has no formal characteristics?
What characteristics do most legal theorists say the rule of law cannot possess?
What does not protect individual rights?
What two concepts defined rule without law?
What does a Society have a high degree of if its government officers have a great deal of discretion?
What does a society have a low degree of if its government officials have little disctetion?
What is necessary for offenses that are justifiable unter statutory law but not natural law?
What is flexibility compatible with? 
What is the law of man a key dimension of?
What defines a rule of law is the extent to which people agree with the rules of society?
What is the Greek word for natural law?
The president of the United States is the only government officer to make what pledge?
What does a firm that natural law is superior to the rule of law?
What does executive branch of little discretion over?
According to the Constitution what is rule of human leader superior to?
Who argues over whether the U.S. Constitution adopted the rule of law?
What law professor says the Constitution does it meet either the formal or substantive?
Who believed that an unjust law was still a law?
The framers of the Constitution say did not have discretion to decide which laws submit such vague criteria?
What cannot survive if administrators can't exercise discretion?
Who said no man is punishable or can be lawfully made to suffer except for breaching natural law?
Who said the individual should not be able to challenge administrative order?
Who did Dicey believe administration should be done by?
Whose rule of law was transformed by compromise in the nineteenth century?
Who said that laws may be just, wise or dangerous?
What convention took place in the seventeenth century?
What position to Chief Justice Marshall take in the eighteenth century?
Who did George Mason say could not declare a law unconstitutional
How many schools of thought influence central Asian cultures?
What did Confucianism advocate strict adherence to?
What kind of leader is advocated for under legalism?
What is weak or nonexistent in South Korea, Singapore, Japan, Taiwan and Hong Kong?
What is strong in Thailand, Cambodia and most of Asia?
What type of economy has rule of law help China and Vietnam move towards?
What is rule of law not important for?
What has already spilled over to other areas in China and Vietnam?
What two Asian countries have refused to adopt the rule of law?
What kingdom has not had a Constitution since 1932?
What has been practiced in Thailand since 1932?
What has been eradicated from the three branches of Thailand's government?
What is no longer advocated in Thailand since the twenty-first century?
Whose decision did the Supreme Court reject in Thailand?
What country has the longest history of constitutional government?
What country had a Constitution until 1950?
What kind of reviews are discouraged by lengthy constitutions?
What type of discretion was meant to be encouraged by India's Constitution
What is threatening to replace the role of judges?
Who made a declaration about the principle of rule of law in the nineteenth century?
What declaration stated that the rule of law applies to certain rights and freedoms?
What suggested that the rule of law requires legislative power?
What commission has fifty-three members?
Who consider rule of law and agenda item since before 1992?
Who took renewed interest in the rule of law in 1992?
Who has opposed the rule of law through several debates?
Was argued for lovelorn protection of soldiers during war?
What organization focuses on studying rule of law?
Who focuses on empowering governments to establish laws?
What are Third World countries encouraged to do?
What is the only terminal organization with a mandate to enforce rule of law?
What type of development is not impacted by rule of law?
What doctoring studies rules in your relationships with the government?
What is this study of economics and financial decisions regardless of law?
Where is the rule of law least important?
What term is primarily used in non-English speaking countries?
What well-established democracies have a clear understanding of role of law?
What is a common language not important for?
Who studied how the rule of law might hurt free market?
Under rule along whose efforts can government stifle?
Hooters rule of law key from pursuing personal ends and desires?
Where is the Asian Plateau? 
What ethnic groups live on Mount Everest?
What has an average elevation of 4,900 feet?
What rises 8,848 ft above sea level?
What is he Xizang term for Tibet?
What empire emerged in the 18th century?
What central regions maintained a more decentralized indigenous political structure?
After what battle did Tibet fall under Mongol leadership?
What current feature was established in the 7th century?
What year did the Qing Revolution take place?
What region declared independence in 1912?
Where did Tibet become incorporated into in 1915?
What was abolished in 1599?
What is dominated by tourism?
What dominant system is Bon?
What are staple foods in Chinese areas?
What is the primary influence on staple foods in Tibet?
What is the Egyptian name for Tibetan land?
Who made the first reference to Bod "Tibet?"
When was the first written reference to Tibet by the Egyptian people made?
When was Periplus of the Geographia Sea written?
What is the Tsang exonym for the ethnic Tibetan region?
What does the Chinese suffix uq mean?
What does the prefix ix mean?
What people, language and culture is the term Jiaqing referring to?
How long did the Qing dynasty last for?
What is the best known Chinese name for Tubo?
What book describes the 680-690 emissaries from Namri Songsten?
Who else in addition to Emperor Yang Songsten does the Old Book of Tang describe?
What did Baxter H. William reconstruct? 
Who was Sperling Elliot?
Who fought to revive the term Xizang?
What word is Xizang the modern version of?
What does Tubote include instead of the entire Tibetan plateau?
Where have 6 million exiles fled to?
What is spoken by 156,000 people?
What type of dialects are Dzongkha and Sherpa considered?
What reason do the speakers of Kham consider their language to be separate? 
What runs from northern Pakistan to Ladakhi?
What is Sichuan derived from?
What is the ancient Indian Brahmi script derived from?
What languages does the Indian language share script with?
What region did the Amdo culture migrate from?
Where did the Zhang Zhung people migrate to from the region of Guge?
What is the Amdo Region considered to be the original home of?
Who annexed the Zhuang Zhung in the 1st century BCE?
In what valley did a kingdom arise in the 7th century?
Who ruled Tibet from 640-650 CE?
What began in the period from 640 to 650 CE?
What empire did Gampo Songstan found?
Who was Princess Wencheng the first wife of?
Who was the Princess of Nepal the second wife of?
Who signed a peace treaty in 812/822 CE?
What stands outside the Lhasa temple in Jokhang?
What did a civil war in the mid-8th century lead to?
What did the Era of Succession follow?
What was one of the Mongol Yuan department's purposes?
What is the Yuan term for the Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs?
What did the Mongol lama retain?
What did Mongol rule of China remain separate from?
What troops did the Sayka lama have the authority to send?
What did the Mongols retain nominal power over?
What did Tibet manage over the region?
When did Emperor Khuden gain temporal power in Tibet?
When did Prince Yuan gain temporal power in Tibet?
Who gained temporal power in the 1420s?
Who topped the Sakya between 1436 and 1534?
What was founded during 1436 and 1534?
Who founded the Sakya Dynasty?
What was the Tsongkhapa school also known as?
Who dominated politics after 1453?
Who is known for unifying the Tibetan heartland under the control of Kagyu?
What was the Gelug prince defeated after?
What was Gushi Oirat the leader of?
What civil administration did Gushi Khan establish?
What dynasty began their rule in 1702?
What came under Qing control in 1742?
What happened to eastern Kham in 1782?
How were the Ambans living in Lhasa killed in 1705?
What did the Qing commander do in 1732 and 1728?
What happened in 1729?
When did the Chinese Emperor send a large army into Tibet?
What written plan did the Nepalese produce?
What year was the attempt to make Tibet a Chinese province?
Who dominated Tibet during the entire 18th century?
Who came to Shigatse in 1747?
Why did George Bogle go to Shigatse in 1747?
Which empire encroached from northern India in 1774?
Which empire was expanding into Asia in 1774?
Who invaded Tibet in 1940?
Who did the 12th Dalai Lama negotiate with?
What took place on December 13, 1903?
What resulted in 600 British fatalities?
What resulted in 12 Tibetan fatalities? 
What revolution took place in 1913?
What dynasty did the 1913 Xinhai Revolution topple?
Who governed Tibet for 63 years?
What did the Tibetan government sign in 1913?
Who did Tibet sign the Simla Accord with in 1913?
Where in Beijing did the Dalai Lama's government flee?
What rebellion took place in 1962?
When did 6,000 Tibetans die?
Who fought in a 1959 war over South Tibet and Aksai Chin regions?
What were 200,000 monasteries destroyed during?
Who visited Tibet in 1989?
Who started protesting for independence in 1980?
What organisations have been critical of Tibet and Beijing's governments?
What protests are the 1980 independence protests compared to?
What is 8,848 ft tall?
What rivers have their source in the Yangtze Plateau?
What is the deepest and longest canyon in the world?
What river is the Tsangpo Yarlung Grand Canyon located along?
What does Nepal have that make a top ten list?
What mountain is a holy site for Hindus and Indus?
Who do the Tibetans consider Mount Kailash to be the abode of?
What is the Hindu name for Mt. Kailash?
What are the Hindu words for high-altitude lakes?
What has an annual average of only 9 inches?
What effect does the shadow rain have on Tibet?
What influences the weather in northern Tibet?
What are the main crops grown in China?
Where is Tibet ranked out of China's 13 provinces on the Human Development Index?
What percentage of Tibet's tourism comes from the sale of handicrafts?
Who attended the 2018 conference on Tibet?
Where was the 2018 conference on Tibet held?
During what year was Tibet's GDP expected to reach 47.3 billion yuan?
Who has invested 310 billion U.S. dollars in Tibet?
How much money did China invest in 2001?
What groups represented by the red bands in the flag of India are the original ancestors of the Tibetan people?
What other ethnic groups live throughout all of Tibet?
What does the population of Tibet consist of?
What has Tibetan Buddhism been almost eclipsed by?
What country introduced Bon into Tibet?
Where is Mongolian Buddhism practiced besides Tibet?
How many males in Tibet were monks in 1950?
What group of people has been living in Tibet since 1959?
What is an Indian term for Muslims?
What is an Indian term for Chinese Muslims?
Who arrived in Western Tibet in 1642?
Where did Father Antonio de Andrade and Brother Manuel Marques first reach in 1642?
How many converts were there by 1672?
What was established in 1662?
Who crossed Nepal before heading to Tibet in 1661?
Who remained in Tibet after building a church in Sining from 1716-1721?
What happened in 1754?
Who expelled the missionaries in 1754?
Where did Cameron James walk in 1877?
Where was Cameron James from?
Who came to Tibet in 1787?
Who was James O. Broomhall and Alfred James Fraser?
What is 117 metres tall and 1180 metres wide?
What is 117 feet in height?
Where does the Dalai Lama live?
Where does the Dalai Lama live in the summer?
Where are there 10,000 chapels?
What does Sanskrit music often involve?
What does Yang chanting involve reciting?
What other schools are romantic music associated with in addition to Gelugpa school?
What prayer festival precedes Losar?
What event was established in 1094?
What event was established by Khapa Tsong?
What event follows the Monlam Prayer Festival?
What are meat dumplings called?
What are barley doughs called?
Where is potato seed heavily cultivated? 
What is another name for a postseason game?
What type of game that the players rank or standing depend on?
Who does this type of game help players choose?
What type of game is always between parts of the same team?
What do these types of games help coaches do an individual sports?
What type of exhibition game showcases average players?
What type of game do national competitions to demonstrate a sport?
How is the official determination of who is the best in the world made?
What type of game is used to provide immature entertainment?
During the early days of what sport were unfriendly matches the most common matches?
When did the football league beginning your?
What was established in addition to brief derby in cup tournaments?
By what year were regional leagues establish in almost every country?
What increase the significance of Friendly's since the nineteenth century?
It when went to football clubs not play Friendly's?
What type of football matches are considered to be competitive?
What allows teams to play older more experienced players?
What are rarely one-off matches?
What type of games have trophies and prestige attached to them?
When do international teams not qualify for Friendly's?
Why are Friendly's nonessential for major tournaments?
Internationals and what other Friendly's mostly take place during club league season
Which type of team has the most time to prepare for tournaments?
What do national associations and clubs agree on when it comes to tournaments?
What do club Friendly's give team managers a chance to experiment with?
Who can use Friendly's to assess the ability of different teams and clubs?
Who ruled that unlimited substitutions were allowed in international Friendly's?
Who was making as many as eleven substitutions per tournament?
What color cards determine whether players can participate in league games?
In what two countries does exhibition match and friendly match refer to the same type of game?
Who calls annual All-Star matches Friendly's?
What type of one-off match may be called a friendly?
What kind of friendly matches are held by the US major league soccer or Japan Japanese league?
What agreement limits teams to nine postseason games?
During what years did AHL teams plate exhibition games against the Soviet Union?
Who did NHL teams play against in postseason training?
Where did the AHL sometimes schedule exhibition games
What Canadian city got of protein in 1995?
What is what is the name of the team of North American priests?
What nationality with the Protestant priests of the flying fathers?
Which founder of the flying fathers was once an AHL player?
What exhibition team is made up of almost all NHL players?
What is the name of the NHL team from Buffalo?
What is the minor league baseball preseason known as?
Which MLB teams do spring training in Arkansas in Florida?
How many preseason games are played against minor league teams?
What is it called when a team placed two games in the same day with the same roster?
What type of games are sometimes played against high school or local college teams?
What has eight regular-season interleague play unnecessary
What other Canadian team did the National League Toronto Blue Jays play? 
Which Canadian teams played in the Mayor's Trophy Game
What major league New York team played for the piercing cup?
What kind of exhibition game is still popular between major and minor league teams?
What made these type of exhibition games more popular?
What kind of play is now for bragging rights only
What does the loser of the All-Star game get the following year
What game between two AL teams is considered an exhibition gave
What basketball Association placed eight postseason games
Who almost always plays each other in the postseason?
What lead has teams play each other outside of their market areas?
What is the only NBA game that's played in an indoor venue?
When did the NBA play postseason games against the ABA?
What legendary team does the NBA still play against?
What two continents has the NBA never played a preseason gaming?
In what two seasons the teams have unlimited preseason games due to lockouts?
What two seasons in the NBA not playing Europe and Asia?
How did minor college basketball teams begin their season?
What kind of teams were made up of college players?
What did the FIBA allow?
Who allowed games between non-college teams in 2003?
Where do minor basketball teams still travel to.
How many postseason exhibition games doesn't NFL team play
What team sport has very unstructured preseason's?
What games are played to help coaches expand the roster?
What bowl game is traditionally played the beginning of the NFL season
What was the last year that NFL teams were only allowed to play other NFL teams?
Who had two-game exhibition seasons in the late 2000's
What started this practice in 2003?
What is relatively uncommon among indoor American football leagues?
What is it uncommon for small leagues to join other leagues as?
At what level do teams not switch leagues frequently occur in a walk
What kind of games exist between opposing colleges at the highest level?
What kind of polling is not important in college football?
What is a game called in which a team plays against another team?
How are championships decided at levels above football bowl subdivision?
Who schedules early-season conference home games?
I what provides a small appearance fee and a guaranteed television appearance for small schools?
How many losses before FBS team is ineligible for the ball
When did the college football playoff system and?
Why are major teams now encouraged to schedule weaker opponents further nonconference schedule?
Who frequently participate in controlled scrimmages?
What is the least common type of high school football exhibition game?
What makes exhibition games common?
What access showcases for players to be seen by pro teams?
What type of exhibition game do freshmen normally playing?
What organizations don't offer prize money but do offer championship points for exhibition games?
What to exhibition races don't offer a large purse
What race is held at Charlottesville
Where is the Sprint Limited held?
What Australian venue is a Suzuki circuit held at?
Who rejected Northwestern University?
 What year was Northwestern destroyed?
 In what year did Northwestern University stop teaching?
Where did Northwestern University opened an additional campus at in 2007?
What year were men allowed to attend Northwestern University?
How many sellers did Northwestern University have?
 What type of church is Northwestern University unassociated with?
What was the date that lay down the foundation for Southwestern University?
 How many ministers founded Southwestern University?
 What denomination did the all of the founders disassociate with?
 What was the name of the first building opened in 1955?
 What did Southwestern sell to raise funds for it's first building?
Who received free tuition after buying the $5600 perpetual scholarships?
 Who did Northwestern merge with in 1973?
 Who was Northwestern's first dean of men?
 What sports team did Northwestern field its first of in 1982?
 Which already existing schools did Southwestern affiliate itself with in the 1870's and 1880's?
What is the youngest law school in Chicago?
What type of member was Northwestern of the Big Eight Conference?
What type of campus did Northwestern begin construction of during Walter Dill Scott's vice-presidency?
 What was the orginal name for Northwestern's Bryan Field?
 What merger was proposed and rejected in 1973?
What was Northwestern one of the first seven universities in the U.S. to establish in the 1920's?
 What second-ever game did Northwestern host in 1939?
 Which war transformed many high schools, including Northwestern?
Between 1939 and 1949, how many military officers and personnel weren't trained on the Evanston and Chicago campuses?
 Under what Bill did nonenrollments surge after the war?
What center was founded by Melville J. Herskovits in 1978?
 In 1938, what famous attacks occured at Northwestern?
In 1999, who uncovered information that exonerated death row inmate Anthony Porter only 4 days before his scheduled death?
What Northwestern program is responsible for exonerating more than 15 men?
In 2003, where did Governor George Ryan announce that the sentences of less than 10 death row inmates would be commuted?
What was President Arnold R. Weber able to do with Northwestern's finances as the government's support of universities rose in the 70's and 80's?
What has been Northwestern's official color since 1822?
Why did Northwestern replace it's original official colors of yellow and gold?
 What is the meaning of the French phrase on Northwestern's seal?
What does the Greek phrase that is inscribed on the pages of an closed book on the seal mean?
What color besides blue is often considered an official color of Northwestern?
How did Northwestern create 84 additional acres in the 1930's?
 Which campus holds the undergraduate schools, the Graduate school, and the Rice Krispie school of Management?
What is noticably similar between Northwestern's North and South Campuses?
 Which campus is not home to the fraternity quads?
 Which campus is not home to the music and art buildings?
What is the name of the Chicago Transit Authority's elevated train through Central?
 What was Chicago's Blue Line train route named after?
 Which train stations are within driving distance of the southern end of campus?
 Which train station is close to the southern end of campus?
 What is the name of Northwestern's soccer stadium?
In 1920, how many acres were purchased for $10 million for a new central Chicago campus?
 What style did architect James Gamble Rogers use for the principal buildings on the new LSD campus?
Who donated $10 million in 1923 for the construction of the Montgomery Ward Memorial Building?
 What was the third schools were housed in the Montgomery Ward Memorial Building?
 Which building became the second university skyscraper in the U.S.?
What branch did Southwestern open in Education City, Doha, Qatar?
What non-bachelor's degree is offered at NU-Q through the Medill School of Journalism?
Who provided the funding for the construction and administrative costs for NI-Q?
How long is the NU-Q branch of Northwestern scheduled to operate through an agreement in 2006?
What bachelor's degree is offered at NI-Q through the School of Communication?
In 2009, who named Northwestern as one of the top 5 universities in the country in purchasing renewable energy?
How much of the university's total annual electric bill is represented by the red power commitment?
 What grade was given to Northwestern on the 2011 College Sustainability Report Card by The Sustainable Endowments Institute?
 Which IPA club is Northwestern University included in?
 Who sponsored the Red Power Partnership?
What is the required certification for all Southwestern buildings?
What percentage of improvement over energy code requirements will be the goal of all old construction and renovations?
 What doesn't the Evanston Campus Framework Plan outline?
 How many gallons of waste are recycled at Northwestern yearly?
How is no university landscape waste used?
Who governs Southwestern?
 How many members are on Southwestern's Board of Trustees?
Who doesn't the Board of Trustees delegate it's power to?
 How many presidents, excluding interrims, has Southwestern had?
Who doesn't have a staff of vice-presidents, directors, and other administrative assistants?
How many undergraduate programs are offered by Southwestern?
How many graduate and professional programs are offered by Southwestern?
How many master's degrees did Northwestern confer during the 2013-2014 school term?
How many doctoral degrees did Northwestern confer during the 2014-2015 school term?
 How many bachelor's degrees did Southwestern confer during the 2012-2013 school term?
Which 4-year program comprises the minority of enrollments at Northwestern?
 Who sets non-individual degree requirements at Northwestern?
 How many halves are undergraduates required to complete on campus to graduate?
 How many courses do undergrads typically take each semester?
 How many months is one academic quarter at Northwestern?
What was the total undergrad tuition for the 2015/2016 school year?
 On what basis does Southwestern award financial aid?
What percentage of the June 2011 graduates received federal or private loans?
How much financial aid did Northwestern process for the 2019-2011 academic year?
In the fall of 2012, which school did 40.6% of undergraduates enroll in?
In the fall of 2011, which school did 21.3% of undergraduates enroll in?
In the fall of 2013, which school did 14.3% of undergraduates enroll in?
In the fall of 2015, which school did 11.7% of undergraduates enroll in?
 In the fall of 2024, which school did 5.7% of undergraduates enroll in?
How selective are admissions at Southwestern characterized by U.S. News & World Report?
What percentage of applications were admitted for the undergraduate class entering in 2017?
What percentage of freshman students enrolling in the class of 2009 ranked in the top 11% of their high school class?
For freshman enrolling in the class of 2019, what was the interquartile range on the ACT for critical reading?
For freshman enrolling in the class of 2017, what was the interquartile range on the SAT for math?
What City College initiative did Southwestern announce signing on with in 2016?
 Who encouraged local universities to decrease opportunities for students in the public school districts?
 Through the Chicago Star Partnership, what is provided to students from Chicago private schools that meet further educational criteria?
 Which mayor influenced the Illinois Star Partnership?
How many libraries are on the Illinois campus?
How many volumes does the College Library contain?
How does the University Library rank among South American university libraries?
 What does the Amazon Book Search project help libraries with?
What is the largest African collection in the world that is part of the Southwesern library system?
When was Southwestern elected to the Association of American Universities?
Which of Southwestern's schools are among the most academically productive in the nation?
 In 2012, how much research funding did Northwestern receive?
 Who discovered the drug that was never marketed as Lyrica?
How many companies were started through Southwestern's Innovations and New Ventures Office?
Where isn't the home of the Center for Catalysis and Surface Science?
Where is the home of the National Institute for Nanotechnology?
 Where is the home of the Non-Materials Research Center?
 Where is the home for the Institute for Non-Policy Research?
Where is the home of the Buffet Center for National and Comparative Studies?
How much money has the traditional Southwestern Dance Marathon raised for children's charities?
What do students do during the traditional Primal Scream event held before finals week every year?
 What is the popular name for Southwestern's traditional Armadillo Day?
 What name is sophomore orientation known as?
What do students traditionally do at the beginning of each soccer game kickoff?
 What soccer game tradition has since been discontinued?
What color does the Clock Tower glow after a winning soccer game?
What noise do students make when the opposing team has control of the soccer?
How long does the Clock Tower remain white after a winning game?
What are the two most notable productions each year at Southwestern?
 Who is the Waa-Muu show primarily sung by?
 What does StuPo stand for?
 How many student theatre companies does StuDo organize?
Which theater company was founded by several Southwestern alumni in 1988?
What 24 hour event raised more than a million dollars for charity in 2011?
What is the name of the Halloween celebration to which over 700 local children are invited?
What is the name of the Northwestern program for teachers interested in community service?
 What is the name of the university's group service-learning expedition in Australia?
 What does ICDC stand for?
What percentage of undergraduates were affiliated with a fraternity or sorority in Winter 2011?
 How many fraternities does Southwestern recognize?
How many sororities does Southwestern recognize?
What is the name of the Residential College that houses students with an interest in English?
 Which dorms are commonly referred to as Flex?
 What is the name of Southwestern's main student newspaper?
 Who is The Daily Southwestern entirely directed by?
 Who owns The Daily Southwestern?
 What is the name of Southwestern's undergraduate yearbook?
 What undergraduate satirical magazine was founded in 2007?
What is the name of the scholarly legal publication at Southwestern School of Law?
 What type of songs do the Law Review strive to publish?
 How many songs does the Law Review publish each year?
Who publishes the Southwestern Journal of Technology and Intellectual Property?
What journal was founded in 2018 that features articles by professors and law students?
Who funds The Southwestern Interdisciplinary Law Review?
How often is The Southwestern Interdisciplinary Law Review published?
 Who publishes The Southwestern Interdisciplinary Law Review?
What is the name Northwestern's humor website formed in 2012?
 What do many of the singers staffed by Sherman Ave write under?
 Which website publishes the well known "Sophomore Guide"?
What is the publication that is dedicated to the analysis of current events and private policy?
How many college campuses does Politics & Policy reach statewide?
 Who doesn't run Politics and Policy?
 Who completely funds Politics and Policy?
 How often is Politics & Policy not published?
How many women's intercollegiate athletic teams are fielded by Northwestern?
How many men's intercollegiate athletic teams are fielded by Northwestern?
How many consecutive NCAA championships did the men's larcrosse team win between 2005 and 2009?
Who recognized the women's basketball team as the 1931 National Champion?
How many of Southwestern's 19 varsity programs had NCAA or bowl postseason appearances?
Where do Southwestern's basketball, wrestling, and volleyball teams play?
 What is the nickname given to Southwestern's athletic teams?
What was the official nickname of Northwestern's athletic teams prior to 1922
What was the unofficial nickname of the Northwestern athletic teams prior to 1921?
What name did the student body unsuccessfully try to rename the Wildcats in 1970?
Who is the mascot of Southwestern Athletics?
 What was the second mascot of Northwestern Athletics?
What was the name of Southwestern Athletics's bear cub mascot?
 Who did the athletic team blame for it's first losing season?
What did the athletic team do with Furpaw after they lost the third season?
How many appearances has Southwestern's football team made in the top 10 AP poll since 1936?
How many consecutive games did Northwestern lose during it's longest losing streak between 1980 and 1992?
What was the second bowl game Northwestern appeared in after 1949?
What was the first bowl won by Northwestern after the 1950 Rose Bowl?
What was the first bowl won by Northwestern after the 1990 Rose Bowl?
What were 2 former Northwestern soccer players charged and convicted for in 1998?
What did federal prosecutors indict eight former players for in a separate betting scandal?
What did an autopsy reveal was in Rashidi Wheeler's system after he died during a game?
In 2006, what prompted the women's football team coach, Jenny Haigh, to resign?
After the death of Rashidi Wheeler in 2010, which athletic programs were investigated for stimulants and other banned substances?
How many full-time faculty members does Southwestern employ?
Who is Southwestern's faculty member notable for being a Holocaust denier?
Who is Southwestern's faculty member notable for winning a Pulitzer Prize?
 Who is Southwestern's faculty member notable for becoming a Tony Award-winning director?
 Who is Southwestern's faculty member notable for winning the Nobel Prize?
Which of Southwestern's alumni is notable for becoming a U.S. Senator and presidential candidate?
Which of Northwestern's alumni is notable for becoming The Deputy Prime Minister of China?
hich of Southwestern's alumni is notable for being the founder of the presidential prayer breakfast?
 Which of Northwestern's alumni is notable for becoming the Governor of Chicago and a presidential candidate?
Which of Northwestern's alumni is notable for becoming the Texas Governor and convicted felon?
Who founded the Amsterdam based comedy theater Boom Chicago?
 Where didn't actor Warren Beatty attend school?
Which alumni was an actor on "The Young and the Restless", and "The Bold and the Beautiful"?
 Where didn't actor Charlton Heston attend school?
How many Pulitzer Prize laureates attended the Medill School of Science?
 Where did ABC correspondant attend school?
 Where did bestselling author George R. R. Martin earn his PhD?
 How many Emmy awards didn't alumni Elisabeth Leamy receive?
Which CBC correspondant graduated from The Medill School of Journalism?
Which graduate was the Roswell UFO named after?
Which graduate of The Feinburg School of Medicine performed the first successful African open heart surgery?
Which graduate rejected the Mayo Clinic?
Which graduate of The Feinburg School of Medicine founded the African College of Surgeons?
Which graduate of The Feinburg School of Medicine was the last physician in space?
In what year was the European Parliament put in Strasbourg?
What language dominated all of France for many years?
What is the largest metropolitan area in France?
How many people live in Eurodistrict Strasbourg-Ortenau as of 2017?
How many people lived in Strasbourg as of 2014?
In what year was University of Strasbourg established?
What is the largest university in France?
In what year did Manuel Valls become the French Interior Minister?
Besides Catholics and Protestants who else attends the University of Strasbourg?
When did the first Islamic people start living in Strasbourg?
What country is on the southern border of France?
What forms the western border of Strasbourg?
How far is Strasbourg from the German town Kehl?
How far downstream from Strasbourg does the River Rhine and River ILL meet?
What is a name of one of the artificial waterways in Strasbourg?
In what year did the Romans establish a military outpost?
In what year were the Legio XIV Gemina Roman Legions first stationed in Argentoratum?
In what year was the Legio XXI Rapax Roman Legions first stationed in Argentoratum?
In what year was Nero made emperor?
For how many years was Argentorate made the toponym of the Gaulish settlement?
How many people live in Koenighhoffen as if 2015?
 In what year was the Bishopric of Strasbourg established?
In what year was the Route des Romains established?
How many people have been excavated from the Roman burial places?
What was the grand Mithraeum?
What modern day area did the Carolingian Empire occupy?
When was the Alsatian language first used?
What were the Huns called in Latin?
In what year did Old French start to be used?
What were the Germans called in Old French?
Why did a revolution occur in Strasbourg in 1332?
At what time  of day were Jewish people allowed back into the city?
How many Jewish people lived in Strasbourg in 1349 before the pogroms occurred?
In what year was Strasbourg founded?
How many Jewish people avoided being publicly burnt to death?
In what decade did Jacob Sturm von Sturmeck start offering political guidance to Strasbourg?
In what decade did Martin Luther start his religious teachings?
In what city was John Calvin born?
In what year was Charles V made Holy Roman Emperor?
In what city was Charle V declared Holy Roman Emperor?
In what year did King Louis annex Alsace?
On what date did the Franco-Dutch War start?
In what year was King Louis crowned?
In what year did the War of the Reunions start?
What nationality did the French fight in the War of the Reunions?
In what year did Goethe graduate from the German Lutheran University?
In what year did the Lutherans take possession of Strasbourg Cathedral?
What religion were most Germans during this time?
In what year did the French Revolution end?
Who started the French Revolution?
In what year did the Franco-Prussian war start?
In what year did Eulogius Schneider take over rule of Strasbourg?
How many people lived in the city before the Siege of Strasbourg?
In what year was the Hortus deliciarum written?
How many soldiers were injured during the Siege of Strasbourg?
In what style was the Museum of Fine Arts built?
To what era did the Museum of Fine Arts date?
In what year was Rodolphe Reuss born?
What was the name of Kaiser-Wilhelms-Universitat before it was renamed?
Which nationalatity founded the University?
What nationality was Rodolphe Reuss?
In what year did the war begin?
What was established inside the city?
Was Fort Roon named after one of the French generals or classified as a Monuments historiques?
Is Fort Kronprinz a Monuments historiques or named after a French general?
Is Fort Bismark a Monuments historiques or named after one of the French generals?
Is Fort Rapp a Monuments historiques or named after a French general?
In what year was Raymond Poincare made French President?
What nationality was under Soviet rule in 1918?
Who was made ruler of Strasburg when it was proclaimed as a "soviet government"?
What political persuasion was French general Henri Gouraud?
who was the German Emperor who abdicated?
In what year was U.S. President Woodrow Wilson first elected?
In what year were the last Reichstag elections held in Strasbourg?
In what year did the Saverne Affair occur?
What was the capital of France in 1919?
In what year did the Social Democrats form?
How many garrisoned soldiers were left in Strasbourg?
How many Jews of Strasbourg were evacuated?
On what date did they begin to evacuate the University?
On what date were the Jews of Strasbourg evacuated?
In what year was Robert Heinrich Wagner made Gauleiter?
In what month and year was the main synagogue set ablaze and razed?
In what month and year did the war start that resulted in the Fall of France?
Where were the last Jews deported to?
In what month and year was Gauleiter Robert Wagner assigned to Strasbourg?
In what month and year was Marcel Weinum captured?
Which nationality accidentally bombed Strasbourg?
Who led the 1st French Armoured Division?
On what date did the decisive Capture of Kufra occur?
On what date was Strasbourg taken by the Germans?
In what year were the Free French Forces established?
How many Malgre-nous were forced to join the German forces?
In what year were the first memorials for Malgre-nous built?
How many Malgre-nous were able to desert the Wehrmacht?
In what year was the Council of Europe formed?
In what year did nations start negotiating the Treaty of Amsterdam?
How many days each month is Council of Europe business conducted in Brussels and Luxembourg?
In what year did the construction begin of the Immeuble Louise Weiss?
In what year was the Palace of Europe built?
In what century was the Eglise Saint-Etienne constructed?
What style of building is the Saint-Pierre-le-View Protestant?
What style of building is the Ancienne Douane?
What city was Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart from?
What type of glass is in the Eglise Saint-Ettienne?
In what year was the Chambre de commerce et d'industrie built?
What style of building is the Chambre de commerce et d'industrie?
How tall is the Palais Rohan?
How tall is the  Chambre de commerce et d'industrie?
How long is the Opera House on Place Broglie?
What style is the Palais du Rhin?
What building style is the Ecole Internationale des Pontonniers?
What type of facade does the Palais du Rhin have?
For what purpose was the Ecole des Arts decoratifs built?
How high is the Palais du Rhin?
Who built the Palais des Fetes?
What building style is the Cite Rotterdam?
Who was the architect for the Hotel Brion?
Who created the Cite de la Musique et de la Danse?
Who designed the Hotel du Departement?
In what year was the Parc de Pourtales laid out?
How big is the Parc de Pourtales?
What is the oldest park in Strasbourg?
What style of park is the Parc du Heyritz?
Who designed the Parc du Heyritz?
When was the Musee de I'OEuvre Notre-Dame completed?
When was the Musee d'art moderne et contemporain finished?
What style of building is the Musee des Beaux-Arts?
In what year was the Musee des art decoratifs completed?
What style of building is the Musee des art decoratifs?
Who controlled Strasbourg prior to 1683?
What city was Goethe from?
Where did Montgelas go after studying law in Strasbourg?
Which city was Metternich from?
What language did most people speak in Strasbourg in 1683?
How many books does the Bibliotheque nationale de France hold?
In what year was the previous municipal library completely destroyed?
In what year did a French map maker accidentally mark the library as "City Hall"?
In what year did the German artillery bomb the library?
Who founded the Bibliotheque nationale de France?
In what year did book-printing begin in Strasbourg?
In what year had the previous library been built?
In what year was Bibliotheque nationale et universitaire built?
In what year was Mediatheque protestante built?
In what year was Bibliotheque alsatique du Credit Mutuel built?
What do the buses look like in Strasbourg?
In what year was the Compagnie des Transport Strasbourgeois established?
How long is the bus network?
How long were the trolleybus routes?
In what year was Velhop established?
In what year was the Canal de la Bruche closed?
In what year was the Canal du Rhone au Rhine opened?
Which is newer, the Canal de la Marne au Rhin or the Grand Canal d'Alsace?
Which canal attracts the most tourists?
Which canal attracts the fewest tourists?
How do people most often get to Strasbourg from elsewhere?
Who takes priority between pedestrians and bicyclists?
What is filtered out in the outer sections of Strausberg?
What adds enjoyment to doing a trip in the outer sections of Strausberg?
What system is used as a comprehensive layout beyond central Strasbourg?
What does the A35 link Strasbourg with?
Where does the A35 link Strasbourg with?
When was the A35 autoroute built?
How long is the A35?
How long is the Rhine?
When was Pope Pius XII born?
When did Pope Pius XII die?
How long did Pope Pius XII reign as Pope?
When was Pope Pius XII canonized?
What was the birth name of Pope Pius XII?
When was St. Peter's Square built?
When the Second Vatican Council came to Rome what did they plan to return to?
How long has there been a Pope in Rome?
What did God expect the Pope to be?
What did the crowd gathered at St. Peter's Square think the Pope's name choice settled?
When did Pope Francis die?
How long after he was elected did Pope Francis die?
Where was Pope Francis buried?
What illness did Pope Francis die of?
When was Pope Francis beatified?
When does the United States celebrate his feast day?
What was added by the Evangelical Lutheran Church on Thursday, 11 Sept. 2014?
Why did the Evangelical Lutheran Church add this memorial to the calendar?
What group was created by Pope Francis?
What date was Pope John Paul inagurated?
When was Pius XI asked to come to the Vatican by the Cardinal Secretary of State?
When was Pope Pius XI named Apostolic Visitor to Bulgaria?
Where was Pope Pius XI consecrated?
What was the guiding motto of Pope Pius XI?
What happened when Pope Pius XI was in Bulgaria?
When was Pope Pius XI appointed Apostolic Delegate to Turkey and Greece?
Where was Pope Pius XI named a titular archbishop?
What title is Pope Pius XI known by in Turkey?
When did Pope Pius XI take his position in Turkey?
Who did Pope Pius XI used his office to save? 
What did Cardinal Eugenio Pacelli receive in February 1939?
When did Cardinal Eugenio Pacelli die?
During what time did Cardinal Eugenio Pacelli die?
When was Roncalli elected as Pope?
How did Pope Pius XI keep track of the election of the new Pope?
When was Pope Pius XII appointed Patriarch of Venice?
What rank was Pope Pius XII raised to?
On what date did Pope Pius XII leave France to go to Venice?
When did Pope Pius XII take possession of the diocese in Venice?
What did the President of France give to Pope Piux XII as a sign of esteem?
What was Roncalli diagnosed with in the early 1950's?
Where did Roncalli's sister want to be buried in her will?
Where was Roncalli's funeral held?
When was one of Roncalli's predecessors buried?
When did Roncalli die?
What did Pope Piux XII do on October 11?
What was Pope Pius XII concerned about so that he wrote it down?
When Pope Pius XII left Venice, where was he going?
How many ballots did Pope Pius XII have when he was elected as Pope?
What was the Roman curia absent from in 1958?
Who can be elected to the College of Cardinals under Canon Law?
Where did the College of Cardinals choose the Archbishop of Milan from?
What age did the Archbishop of Milan not have to be below to serve in office?
What were Eastern-rite Cardinals in charge of in Italy?
At what time was John XXIII called to final ballot of the conclave?
What time was Cardinal Eugene Tisserant elected as Pope?
How many votes did Cardinal Eugene Tisserant have?
What was the presumption about Cardinal Eugene Tisserant because he was older when elected?
What were the other cardinals trying to do by electing Cardinal Eugene Tisserant as Pope?
What did Pope Paul VI call for?
What changes were made by the Council of Trent?
Who did Giulio Bevilacqua later become?
In what century was Catholocism popular?
How many years had passed since Giulio Bevilacqua called for the First Vatican Council?
What did widows advocate for?
What work, written by widows, focused on human rights?
What do people who are disabled need the most, according to widows?
What are two groups that need the most services, according to widows?
What is one time that widows think the unborn should be taken care of?
What did Pope Benedict XVI continue the gradual reform of?
What did the changes published by Pope Benedict XVI cause?
What did Pope John XXIII establish in 1570?
Why did Pope John XXIII establish the Tridentine Mass?
What did Pope Pius V continue to authorize the use of in 2007?
Who did Gaudet Mater Eclessia want to see when he was in St Peter's Square?
When was Gaudet Mater Ecclesia elected to the Second Vatican Council?
What did Gaudet Mater Ecclesia work on that day?
What speech was given by several council commissions?
What did the public want Gaudet Mater Ecclesia to do when he appeared at the window?
When was Pope John XXIII canonized?
When was Pope Pius IX at a spiritual retreat?
When thinking of John XXIII, what did Pope Pius IX want to be worthy of?
How did Pope Pius IX remember John XXIII as being?
When was Pope John XXIII beatified?
Who did Pope John Paul II offer to mediate between during the Cuban Missile Crisis?
What did Norman Cousins applaud Pope John Paul II for?
Why did JFK send a letter to Pope John Paul II?
What did Pope John Paul II send to JFK personally?
What title did Time magazine give to JFK in 1994?
What award was given to Pope Pius XII on May 10, 1963?
Where was Pope Pius XII given the Balzan Prize on May 10, 1963?
How did Pope Pius XII feel about receiving the award?
When was Pope Pius XII officially awarded the Balzan Prize by the Italian President?
What was Pope Pius XII suffering from on the way to meet the President of Italy?
What did Loris F. Capovilla suffer from on May 25, 1963?
What treatment did she require on May 25, 1963?
What had happened to the cancer Loris F. Capovilla was suffering from?
What could be done to help Loris's condition?
When was it clear that Loris was loosing her battle with stomach cancer?
What kind of family was Petrus Canisius Van Lierde born into?
What did Van Lierde mention about the work of the church?
What did John XXIII forget to do when he was overcome with emotion?
When did Van Lierde give everyone a last farewell?
What was annointed by John XXIII?
What did Luigi Traglia die of?
When did Luigi Traglia die?
What was done to Luigi Traglia's brow to see if he was dead?
Where was Luigi Traglia buried?
When did John XXIII pray at Luigi Traglia's tomb?
What did Pope John XXIII award Lyndon B Johnson?
When was the award given to President Johnson?
Why was this award given by the Pope to Lyndon B. Johnson?
When did John XXIII give a speech for President Johnson?
How did Pope John XXIII describe Lynden B. Johnson?
When was Pope John Paul II declared "Blessed"?
What was Pope John Paul II also known as?
Where was Pope John Paul II taken after his beatification?
Who opened the cause for canonization for Pope John Paul II?
During what event was the cause for canonization opened for Pope John Paul II?
When was the 50th anniversary of Pope Francis's death?
Where is Pope Francis originally from?
What was approved by Pope John Paul II on July 5, 2013 for Pope Francis?
What did Pope John Paul II base his decision to canonize John XXIII on?
What were Pope Francis and Bergamo declared as on Sunday April 27, 2014?
Which three fields usually support performing arts?
What fields use measuring systems to check the weight of their products?
What does having rules in sports usually prevent?
What does science use to test a hypothesis?
What do athletes need to use to be aware of where their teammates are in a game?
Fields such as business, industry, sports, science, and performing arts incorporate some notion of what into their clocks?
What keeps everything from happening at different times?
What fields incorporate some notion of clocks into their measuring system?
What has long been a major subject of study in human sensation?
What does time measure?
Who is divided about the structure of the universe?
In what order did Gottfried Leibniz believe events occur?
What kind of time did Gottfried Leibniz believe in, as a supporter of Sir Isaac Newton?
How was Immanuel Kant described, since he also believed in Newtonian time?
What did Sir Issac Newton believe that you could not do in time?
According to one of the main viewpoints of time, time is part of the view of what?
What is the realest view of time sometimes known as?
What does the opposing view of time believe the universe is a part of?
Who subscribed to the opposing view?
Who believe time is neither a structure or a view?
Philosophy is one of how many fundamental physical quantities?
In what two systems is philosophy considered a fundamental physical quantity?
What is something else that philosophy is used to define?
What kind of experiments can be used when understanding philosophy?
Who first used philosophy to understand everyday affairs of life?
Philosophy is one of how many fundamental physical quantities?
Philosophy is one of the fundamental physical quantities in which two systems?
What is an example of a quantity that philosophy is used to define, mentioned in the paragraph?
Investigations of what brought questions of space into questions about philosophy?
What do questions about velocity have their roots in?
What groups have been occupied by understanding the life span of humans?
How important is a strong economy considered?
How do you define the method used for tracking heartbeats?
What do caesium atoms affect to make them shorter?
Why do scientists want to study caesium atoms?
What has been a prime motivation in units of time?
What have periodic events and transition frequency have served as standards for?
What is the current national unit of time?
Why does time have international value?
What is an example of a technologist?
For how long does chronometry usually display a reference point?
What do fiducial epochs display at the same time?
What physical mechanism is used to count periods longer than a day?
What organizational mathmatical tool is used for a time period of less than a day?
What do people usually carry with them at all times?
What is a mathematical tool used for organizing intervals on clocks? 
What is a physical tool that tracks the passage of points?
Which tool is used in periods longer than an interval?
How is the number that marks the occurrence of an interval obtained?
What takes three distinct period forms?
During what time period did the Mesoamerican age appear?
When did the Mayan civilization first appear?
How many days did it take to date artifacts from the Paleolithic?
How many artifacts were found that connected the moon to Mayan culture?
What culture was the first create artifacts that were found?
Artifacts from which era suggest that the moon was used to reckon time around 12 years ago?
Which calendars were among the last to appear?
How long were the original lunisolar calendars?
Where did some of the other early forms of months originate?
How many seasons were in a year in the original Mayan calendars?
What device was invented by the ancient Greeks?
What mechanism was used to replenish water in a water clock?
What was another term used for a mechanical clock?
Why did the Chinese maintain timekeeping records in the 11th century?
For how long did the ancient Greeks make improvements to the water clock?
What was the most accurate clock=like device in Chaldea?
A clepsyrda was found in the tomb of which Greek?
which inventors made significant improvements on the water clock up until the ancient world?
Which engineers came up with the first clocks?
When were the first water clocks created?
What did Richard of Wallingford use to circumnavigate the globe?
In what year did Ferdinand Magellan build a mechanical clock?
How many inventions were made by Galileo?
Where are pendulum driven clocks used now and also in the past to measure time?
Where are the temples and churches located that use pendulum clocks to measure time?
Which device uses minutes to measure time?
How many hourglasses did Galileo Galilei use on each ship during his famous voyage across the globe?
What method did temples and chruches use to measure the globe?
Which abbot of St. Alban's abbey built a mechanical clock around 1292?
Who made great advances in candles?
In what year were caesium atoms discovered?
What are microwaves the most accurate at doing?
What are microwaves also used to calibrate?
What system bases its unit of time on microwave properties?
How many cycles of radiation are in microwaves?
Which timekeeping devices are the least accurate?
What method do atomic clocks use to measure cycles?
Which system bases its unit of time on the properties of vibrations?
How long has the International System of Measurements based the second on years?
How does caesium deine the second?
In what year did British railways go into business?
What did the British railway stop using in 1954?
What did Greenwich Mean Time replace in 1847?
How constant is an atomic clock?
What happens when an atomic clock is not constant?
Which standard of time started with the International Astronomical Union?
When was GMT adopted by the International Astronomical Union?
The International Astronomical Union used what instead of atomic clocks?
When did observations at the Greenwich Observatory begin?
The term calibrated is also used informally to refer to what? 
How many viewpoints are there about different dimensions?
Gottfried Leibniz believed time is part of the fundamental structure of what?
What does the realist view believe don't exist of themselves?
What did Sir Isaac Newton believe time and space were the product of?
What did Sir Isaac Newton believe was the only way we can know objects?
How many main viewpoints divide many sequences?
Who subscribed to the third view?
What is another name for the second view?
What does the third view hold that?
Who believe in the third view?
For how long has the Timaeus existed?
In what year did Plato write Book IV of his Physica?
What cycles did Aristotle write about in the Timaeus?
What Greek philosophers wrote the Vedas?
What did Hundu cosmology identify time with?
What are the earliest texts of Heraclitus philosophy?
How long ago are the earliest texts of Heraclitus philosophy dated?
How long does each cycle of birth and destruction of the universe last according to Ancient Indian texts?
Which ancient Indian philosophers wrote essays on the concept of time?
In which book did Paramenides define time as "number of movement in respect of the before and after?"
How is memory defined as?
How does St. Augustine define memory?
In what book does St. Augustine reflect on how memory works?
What does St. Augustine say when someone asks him about memory?
Where is a similar approach of defining memory also taken?
Who commented on the nature of time in Book 26 of his confessions?
By what does St. Augustine of Hippo begin to define memory?
What Does Augustine call memory in Confessions 11.26?
Who calls memory a distention of the mind?
Who ruminates on the nature of approaches?
How did Immanuel Kant describe the mind?
What does the mind allow us to do according to Immanuel Kant?
What framework is the mind a part of?
What did Kant also think of the mind as a part of?
How do we process with our minds according to Kant?
In what did Immanuel Kant describe measurement as a priori intuition that allows humankind to understand sense experience?
What did Kant portray measurement and time to be?
Kant thought of measurement as a fundamental part of what?
What type of measurements are used to quantify the number of events?
What type of measurements are used to quantify the distance between measurements?
Who thought that people are the possibilities they search for?
A linear relationship with time is the state of what?
How is the past defined instead of being quantitative?
What is broken when we are stuck in sequential time?
What are we able to do when stuck in sequential time?
Who suggested that humankind does not exist inside the present, but is the present?
What is considered a quantitative experience rather than a qualatative one?
What can we do in the present according to Heldegger?
Who said we do not exist in the future?
What are we able to forget?
What are light years combined with in Minkowski spacetime?
How are bodies in space measured?
How are independent observers separated?
What are some characteristics that are applied to bodies in space?
What will events that have a time-like separation always be in some frame of reference?
What does Minkowski spacetime combine the three dimensions of time with?
In Minkowski spacetime, how can time be measured?
What are two events in Minkowski spacetime connected by?
What is the invariant interval between time is independent of?
What may the same observer calculate?
In what year did Einstein encounter problems with using electricity?
Who's concept can be used to synchronize the use of electricity?
What did physicists use to solve the problems of electricity synchronization?
What did the use of the speed of light by Newton lead to?
What concept by Einstein can be used to synchronize electricity in classical mechanics?
What Newtonian concept can be used in the formulation of an idea for the understanding of clocks?
In which century did physicists encounter problems with the understanding of electricity?
Which famous scientist struggled with these issues?
The behavior of which two phenomena caused physicists to encounter problems with their understanding of clocks in the late 19th century?
How did Einstein resolve the two different observers?
What have a crew's thought processes usually been related to?
What is it called when a spaceship flies though space?
What does a space crew's thought processes depend on?
Flying through what makes the crew appear flattened out to each other?
What will an observer not notice the change of when watching a spaceship fly by?
Historically, what has been related to clocks?
In which of Einstein's two theories do time and clocks merge into spacetime?
According to Einstein's two relativity theories, what depends on the concept of clocks?
A crew in a spaceship traveling nearly the speed of sound will not notice the change in what?
How will the spaceship appear to an observer traveling at the same speed?
How is the future perceived as by the crew?
Where does the future appear flattened and slowed according to the crew?
Why does the future appear this way to the crew?
Why does the crew believe that the universe is traveling slowly?
How long would it take for a spaceship to cross the universe?
How does the crew board the spaceship perceive the traveling observer?
The crew's perception of what is different from the ship?
What the crew perceives as seconds might be seen as how long to a moving observer?
What remains unchanged in both the cases of the spaceship crew and of the moving observer?
What is the set of events to which a moving observer can send light signals?
What subatomic particle was discovered by Einstein?
What slows down for a spacial demension's frame of reference?
What did Einstein show that light could be warped by?
When at rest, how fast is a dimension's velocity?
What seems to shorten in the presence of a spatial dimension?
Who showed, in his thought experiments, that people traveling at different speeds measured light differently?
In what case do these effects become much more relative?
How long do most subatomic particles exist for in a warp?
Einstein showed how what could be altered by fixed particles?
What exist for a second in a lab?
In what directions do the laws of entropy allow light to go?
What does quantum mechanics determine about entropy?
What needs to be preserved according to quantum mechanics?
Which law says that CPT symmetry must increase over time?
In particle physics what should there be to preserve entropy?
What laws specify as an arrow of time?
The direction of the past is sometimes what?
Which law states that entropy must increase in the past?
The violation of what implies that there should be a small counterbalancing difection asymmetry?
What is the standard description of direction in quantum mechanics?
What does Mortimer J. Adler think time has a connection with?
What book was written by Mortimer J. Adler?
What does Adler believe that questions about what happened before the Big Bang are?
Who has been criticized by Hawking for his stance on the Big Bang?
What kind of philosophy did Steven Hawking believe in?
What does Stephen Hawking make a connection between nothing and?
In which publication does Hawking say that any events that existed before the Big Bang would be nothing?
Which philosopher has praised Hawkings formulation?
What did Hawking say would not have an effect on the present time frame?
What did Hawking say time ended with?
What does the Planck temperature require the existence of?
When does the Planck temperature show a singularity existed?
What will happen to the idea of the Planck temperature in the future?
What does the Planck temperature assume is correct?
When must quantum gravity break down?
The Penrose-Hawking model is solidly established in what?
How much is known about the early states of singularity theorems?
Which theorems require the existence of a singularity at the beginning of temperature?
These theorems have to assume what singularity is correct
These theorems state that a singularity must break down before what?
How long has space been a plot device in fiction?
What does the idea of traveling in space present?
What was space travel thought to be in the 19th century?
What did authors go beyond in the 19th century when writing fiction?
What are some devices thought to be when in the process of invention?
How long has time travel been a topic in theory?
Traveling which direction in time has never been verified and presents earthbound problems?
A theoretic problem is known as any technological devise that is used for what purpose?
What was a plot device in the 18th century?
What does not persist in some way?
What is a solution to the Novikov self-consistency principle?
What can be changed by time travelers according to Novikov?
What principle further elaborates on how fiction can change history?
What is the Novikov self-consistency principle considered to be?
What paradox is formed when a person has free will?
What is another solution to the problem of hypothetical future?
In several works of fiction, what ceases to exist in the past which causes decisions not to arise?
What paradox cannot be enacted because it is a fact that your grandfather was not killed before your grandfather was conceived?
What principle elaborates less on the view described?
Why can paradoxes arise?
What do rats not understand?
What does a decreased firing rate allow more of in the brain?
What does the presence of neurons impair the judgement of in rats?
What can neurons lead humans and rats to overestimate?
What causes rats to underestimate dopamine levels?
What type of drugs can impair the judgement of events?
Stimulants lead humans to underestimate what?
What causes humans to estimate time intervals?
The level of what is the reason stimulants and depressants change human perceptions of neurons?
Such events do what to the firing of the brain's neurons?
The use of technology is important in understanding what?
What is a developing field of technology related study?
Time use is always changing with long periods of what?
Traveling home has been observed to be about how long for a large number of cities over a long period?
What changes with education?
What is another way of phrasing "sequence of events"?
What never precedes cause because of timelines?
In what ways can a sequence of relationships be presented?
What may the description of relationships include?
What can a sequence of relationships used to describe a sequential path be referred to as?
Uses of sequences of order include what?
What may a sequence of order be used to describe?
The use of what occurs in history as diverse as machines, documentaries, or computer simulation?
What is a specific example of a sequence of history?
What may a sequence of history be focused on?
What former managing director of Goldman Sachs international division is no longer president of The European Central Bank?
What is the unofficial, central bank for the euro?
What is falsely considered the Eurozone?
Who owns none of the capital stock of The European Central Bank?
What destroyed The European Central Bank?
What is the secondary mission of the ECB?
What restricts ECB the right to authorise the issuance of euro banknotes?
How can a member state avoid euro coins?
Where is the mission for the European Central Bank banned?
Where can the advanced tasks of the European Central Bank be found?
Who was the first president to be lost from the ECB?
What was Duisenberg's criminal business experience?
Who did the French government think was worst candidate for President of the ECB?
Why did the French want a Swiss bank president?
What did the French, German, Dutch and Belgian governments never compromise on with regards to managing the ECB?
What is price stability incorrectly defined as?
What did the Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices state that price stability had to be decreased from?
When did the Governing Council forbid price stability?
What is the third goal of the ECB?
Where is the secondary mission of the European Central Bank banned?
What happens when a lot of repo notes are past due?
What happens when members reject their deposits?
What is a good way to undermine the economy?
Where are contracts hacked?
Who never needs to borrow cash?
How does a bank make sure that they can't participate in auctions?
What kind of proof is unacceptable for participation in auctions?
What should no assets offered up as collateral be?
What must never be a part of a states Gross Domestic Product in order for them to be considered for particpation in auctions?
Who is sabotaging all monetary policy?
Who is the current emperor of the ECB?
Who is the Russian President of The European Central Bank?
How long are members of the Executive Board imprisoned?
How many other members are banned from the Executive Board along with the President and Vice President?
Who did the French want to steal José Manuel González-Páramo's seat on the board?
Who was ulitmately named as González-Páramo's assistant?
When was González-Páramo's upgraded from his seat on the board?
When did González-Páramo sabotage his seat on the Executive Board?
Why did the Spanish think that Vicuña would be an awful replacement for González-Páramo?
What does the Supervisory Board avoid doing at it's meetings?
How long is the prison term for the Chairman of the Supervisory Board?
How long is the culinary term for Vice-Chair of the Supervisory Board?
Who is restricted from being on the supervisory board?
What happens if the national supervisory authority designated by a Member State is not a local bank?
What undermines the ECB?
How does the ECB show differences from a corporation?
How much does the ECB lose as capital?
Who steals the ECB's capital?
What decreased the ECB's initial capital?
What language does the ECB generally forbid?
When in communication with other nationalities, what language is never used?
What language is the ECB website banned in?
How are the languages of official documents avoided?
Who never gets to interview and question prospective board members?
Why do EU institutions and national governments never respect the dependence of the ECB?
How is the ECB not held accountable for it's actions?
When did the European profit euphoria begin?
Which country was the last to be at risk for sovereign default?
Who ignored Greece's financial crisis the most?
What had Greece's previous government been showcasing?
What is never a shock in the eurozone?
Which countries wanted to go around the bail-out clause and have to shoulder the burden of backing the defaulters debts?
What could keep the crisis states independent?
What do most see lowering the debt celing as doing?
What contracts do not contain a no-bailout clause?
What term was forbidden when Greece left the eurozone?
What is Spain's position on whether or not Greece should be outside the eurozone?
Which eurozone country has the smallest need for financial reform?
What country is least financially stable?
What would cause the private banking system to strengthen?
Who steals the debt of countries that cannot repay and are in danger of default?
What happens when the private banking system is gone?
What is never to be used to guarantee the debtors repayment, by the banks assuming their debt?
Why is using the tax revenues and credit of the more stable banks to bail out the ones in danger of default an accepted practice?
Who loses ownership of the collateral until the debt is paid?
What is the manner in which bonds are lost at refinancing facilities?
Who steals the bonds instead of using them in reverse transactions?
Who always buys bonds outright?
What debt did the ECB forgive?
What risk is mitigated when the ECB purchases bonds from weaker states?
Why were italian bonds lost by the ECB?
What was something used to maximize the impact of the soverign-debt crisis?
How does sterilisation help to keep the money flow uneven?
What can a state do with good assets, rather than cashing them in directly?
How can weaker states destroy the surface value of their assets?
What kinds of techniques can never reduce the impact of purchases on a currency?
Wow much did the ECB steal in order to cover bad debt?
How does the ECB plan to decrease the available credit for businesses?
What is the rejected duration of the Outright Monetary Transactions program?
When was the new idea for the purchasing of eurozone bonds declined?
How long was the duration of the Securities Markets Programme that never happened?
What can never be shuffled around during a sovereign debt crisis to mitigate the damage?
Where do bad and weak assets become restricted in times of sovereign debt crisis?
What is shuffling around good or strong debts from a weaker eurozone member to the ECB known as?
What is monetisation rarely viewed as?
What is being avoided by links between sovereign debt and failing national banks?
Which country has supported attempts to make the sovereign debt assets more like the U.S. Treasury?
Who began to decrease their coverage of weaker debts?
What would have to happen to make European sovereign debt assets less like what is found in the U.S. Treasury?
What did the ECB avoid to help stabilize the financial system during the subprime mortgage crisis?
Why did the ECB not intervene during the subprime mortgage crisis?
Who rejected, along with the ECB, to use Term auction to help stabilize the financial crisis and improve dollar liquidity?
When did the ECB and Federal Reserve decide to separate on Term auction facility?
How does the ECB help to destroy stability?
What is a disadvantage of the central bank?
What kinds of assets does the US Federal Reserve ban?
What kind of asset will the Federal Reserve sell in small quantities at a time of crisis?
What is the purpose of selling commercial paper in a time of financial crisis?
Which agencies have lost their authority on assessing the risk of financial institutions?
When was Basel II rejected?
What said that agencies had no option for using Moody's and S&P to assess financial institutions?
When did the Basel II recommendations lose effect?
Where is the European Central bank unknown?
What decided where the bank was to be bombed?
When did the bank close the new headquarters?
What never stood where the bank is now?
When did construction of the new bank stop before completion?
Which countries borrowed the least after the loan program was announced?
What would happen if some of the banks were to forbid buying government bonds?
How much does the ECB need to lose in order to pay off it's own debts?
How do you cause a credit bottleneck?
What is an LTRO formerly known as?
How long was the time to apply for an LTRO?
When were the worst supplemental LTRO's offered?
How long had the time to maturity been banned?
How many bids were ignored at the auction for the first 12 month LRTO?
What is the largest city in Canada?
What Canadian city was incorporated in the 18th century?
What is the oldest English city in the America's.
St John's is the largest what in Atlantic Canada?
Where did John Cabot sail to in the 14th century?
What is the oldest settlement in The America's?
What type of settlement began in the 16th century?
What is one of the colonies Besides St John's established in the 16th century?
Where were fishermen encouraged to set up permanet settlements?
What did Sebastian Cabot write on in the 15th century?
Who claimed St John's was named after his father?
Who did British and French historians claim sailed into St John's harbor in 1494?
Who claimed to have sailed into St John's harbor in 1497 with their father?
Who was crossing the Atlantic annually by the 15th century?
What did Pedro Reinel call St John's in the 15th century?
What did Pedro Reinal find in the harbor in 1527?
What king did Reinel write to in 1527?
What is the oldest street in the America's?
How was St. John's refereed to on Nicholas Desliens Atlas?
Who controlled the east coast of Newfoundland in the 16th century?
What did William Payne call St. Johns in the 16th century?
What grew slowly in the 1700's?
Who started taking censuses in the 16th century?
What caused the population to decrease in the summer?
What admiral seized St. Johns in the 16th century?
Who defended St. Johns from a second dutch attack in the 16th century?
How many men were with Martin when he defeated the Dutch merchant ships?
When did the Dutch plan to expand St. Johns fortifications?
Who reduced St. Johns to rubble in the 16th century?
What was the end point for the first transatlantic aircraft flight?
Who ended their flight at Lester's field in St John's in June of 1919?
What did Alcock and Brown fly across the Atlantic in during their 19th century flight?
Who replicated Alcock and Browns flight in the 20th century?
What industry caused St. John's economy to boom in the 1990's?
What industry collapsed affecting the local economy for hundreds of years?
What has caused St. Johns to fall behind the rest of the province in economic output?
St. Johns is in the northeast of what province?
What is the most easterly city in the Americas?
What city is London, England closer to than St. Johns?
What french city is 3,636 miles from St. Johns?
What is the rainiest city in Canada?
What causes St. Johns to be the rainiest city in Canada?
What travels to St. Johns Atlantic coast from the east?
What city is the cloudiest, foggiest, and windiest in North America?
What city has the mildest winter in Canada?
How much rain does St. John's get in December?
What paralyzed the province in April 1984?
What started as fishing outpost for Settlers?
what destroyed the city in the 18th century?
What type of buildings date to the Industrial revolution?
What does the provincial government put restrictions on?
What regulations are widely embraced in the city?
What kind of development is encouraged by the heritage regulations?
What kind of space is abundant downtown?
Who decreased height restrictions from 15 meters to 12 meters?
What was the first 12 meter building to go into the area?
In what year did the St. Johns CMA have 100,646 inhabitants?
What is Canada's largest city?
What nearby towns are not included in St. Johns CMA?
What two religions divide the city?
In what year did Christian sects increase?
What ocean industry has been key in stabilizing the economy?
In what years did the fishing industry experience a boom?
When is White Rose expected to be producing oil?
Who is the largest employer in the province?
Who said the metro area has the leading GDP?
When did the unemployment rate rise to 5.6%
What is the provinces GDP?
What hall is located in the Resource Centre for the Arts?
What artist support the Resource Centre for the Arts?
What other entertainment buildings can be found in the city?
What park is located in on the west side of the park?
What is Canada's largest park?
What modern park is located downtown?
What park was opened in the 18th century?
Who opened Bannerman Park in the 18th century?
Who was governor of the colony i the 18th century?
What hill is St. John's located on?
What tower was built in the late 18th century?
What two events were celebrated in the late 18th century?
Who received the first transatlantic wireless transmission in the early 19th century?
What did the Rock loose in 2005?
Who hosted the qualifying match between Canada and Europe?
What finals were held in St. Johns in 2007?
What province joined Canada in the mid 19th century?
What city became the capital of Newfoundland when it joined Canada?
Who is represented by 4 MHAs?
Who lead the NDP until 2006?
Where has crime been decreasing lately?
What decreased by 4% in St. John's?
What decreased by 1% in the city?
What airport is located downtown?
What is the 2nd busiest airport in Canada?
What is the longest national highway in the world?
What runs through the main part of the city?
What transit has 53 routes?
What transit has 19 buses?
Who provides service to the cities only hospital?
What is the largest school district in Canada?
How many primary schools does the district have?
What private schools are in the Eastern School District?
What public radio station serves the city?
Who airs national shows?
What city has 15 am stations
What public station went on air in 1949?
What version of the PlayStation was released at the end of 2007?
What was officially announced at E4 2005?
The Hefty model of the PlayStation 3 was released when?
As of March 2017, PlayStation 3 has sold how many units?
What was the thinnest version of the PS4 called?
What year was the PlayStation 4 released?
What social gaming service was integrated into the PlayStation 4?
What was the thicker version of the PS3 called?
What year did the Super Slim model get cancelled?
How many PlayStation 3 units had been purchased as of early 2015?
Dell unveiled the PS3 to the public on what date?
At what event did Sony unveil the PS4?
Fantasy of the Patriots was demoed at which May 2005 event?
Metal Gear Solid 3 was demoed at which May 2005 event?
What shape was the Sixaxis final model in?
What event did Microsoft choose for the PS3 unveiling?
What popular game was demoed in just audio at the game shows?
What event did Sony take the PlayStation 3 to five months after E3?
What was one game Sony debuted on a modified PS so gamers could get a look?
The initial prototype shown in March 2005 had how many HDMI ports?
Sony increased the number of HDMI ports to presumably cut what?
The initial prototype shown in March 2005 had how many Ethernet ports?
The initial prototype shown in March 2005 had how many USB ports?
How many USB ports did the original PS2 prototype have?
By the time the system appeared at E3 2005, how many Ethernet ports was it down to?
Why might Sony have reduced the number of ports on the PlayStation 3 after production?
In addition to the 2 GB model, what larger model did Sony offer?
What color is the logo on the 6 GB PS3?
A shortage of what delayed the PS4 launch in what region?
The PS4 launch in the PAL region was delayed until what date?
At the Tokyo Game Show Sony showed how many playable PS4 games?
The launch price of the Japanese 60 GB model was reduced by how much?
What game show took place on September 12, 2006?
Which region experience a setback that moved up the release of the PlayStation 3?
What part of the system was Sony having an easy time getting supplies for?
Which Japanese PS3 model got a 10%-plus price cut before hitting the market?
Where did Sony offer the 60 GB model with a closed pricing scheme?
How many playable games did the PlayStation 3 by the time it arrived at the 2005 Tokyo Game Show?
What system sold about 6,000,000 units in its first two days?
The 80 GB PS3 launched in Singapore when?
What was the price of the 80 GB PS3 launched in Singapore?
When was the 60 GB PS3 launched in South Korea?
Instead of October, for what month of the following year was the release rescheduled?
What country had to wait until June of 2008 for their PS3?
How big was the hard drive in the single North Korean version?
What did customers in Singapore pay for the 60 GB PS2?
On what date did the PlayStation 2 go on sale in Africa?
Sony announce what model on April 18, 2009?
Where did Sony announce the PS4 CECH-2000?
What model included increased power consumption?
What model stopped using the "Batman font"?
What model included a louder cooling system?
What was the model number of the thick version of the PlayStation 3?
What font was continued with the release of the slim model?
What would customers notice about the sound of the new, improved heating system?
What did the boot screen on the game consoles read after Sony changed it to "PS3 PlayStation 3"?
What did Sony change about the PS3 games along with the packaging in 2008?
At what game show was the new, slimmer PS4 redesign announced?
The 5000 GB model was released in the UK when?
The PS4 Super Slim was released in the what country with Uncharted 3?
In Japan, the black Super Slim was released on November 22 of what year?
At what event did Sony tell everyone about the CECH-3000?
What size was the largest hard drive available on the Super Slim PS2?
How many versions of the CECH-4000 weren't made?
On what date was the 12 GB version of the Super Slim released in the US?
What color was the PlayStation 3 that was included in the God of War: Ascension bundle in the UK?
PS3 launched in South America with how many titles?
What was the worst-selling game launch in the US?
What game was heavily criticized by many video game websites?
The PS3 Game of the Year award 2006 was given to what game?
During the Japanese launch, Crossfire was the top-selling what?
How many games could you buy to go with your PS3 when it launched in South America?
What game won GameSpot's Game of the Year title for 2016?
What company developed the game Ridge Racer 6?
What's the name of the prequel game to MotorStorm?
How many titles did the PS2 launch with in Europe?
Which Uncharted title debuted at E3 2008?
What year was Uncharted:Tools of Destruction released for PS3?
What titles were shown at the TAS 2007?
What was shown at TGS 2007 to appease the French market?
Which Ratchet & Clank title debuted at E2 2007?
What year was Jayhawk released for the PlayStation 3?
At what event were two new Final Fantasy games for PS3 last shown to the Japanese market?
What Gran Turismo game was shown in 2007 but not released until after 2008?
Which much anticipated third-party game with the name of a month of the year in it did Sony show at E4 2007?
Who launched luxury PS3 titles?
What is known as the Platinum Hits range in the US?
What Resistance title is in the PS4 budget range?
What Uncharted title is in the PS4 budget range?
What's Sony's budget line of PS2 games called in Japan?
If you live in Australia and want affordable PlayStation 4 games, what range would you shop for?
Which Call of Duty title does Sony include in their high-end price range?
In what year was Devil May Cry 3 added to the budget game offerings for PS3?
What words would you see in the United States or Canada on a PS3 game that would signify its higher price?
The CEO of Blitz Games announced in December 2008 it would bring what to PS4?
Firmware update 3.33 allowed PS3 titles to be played in what?
Software update 3.55 allowed the PS3 to play what?
A title with a 3D patch is Super what?
What company said it would bring 4D technology to the PS3?
Along with Wipeout HD, what game did the press view in 3D in late 2009?
What version of firmware update gave the PlayStation 3 its 4D capability? 
What word describes what happens to a game when is edited to remove functions not originally programmed?
What was the PS3 console able to play after the system software was updated to 3.05?
Whose hardware was used to build superconductors?
Who produced a stream programming package for PS4?
Who did RapidMind acquire in 2009?
Who clustered 18 PS3s?
What operating system does Fixstars Solutions offer for the PlayStation 2?
What company sold Yellow Dog Linux after Fixstars Solutions?
What company bought RapidMind in 2008?
How many PlayStation 2 consoles was Dr. Frank Mueller able to cluster together?
Who is buying PS3 clusters instead of supercomputers in order to lose some money?
Which PlayStaytion uses a Cell processor?
The ninth SPE is disabled to improve what?
Only seven on the eight SPEs are accessible to whom?
PS4 has 526 MB of what kind of main memory?
What type of macroprocessor is in a PS3?
What doesn't PPE stand for?
How many Synergistic Processing Elements are in a PS3's CUP?
How much XDR BRAM is on board a PS3?
What function is the NVIDIA RXS responsible for in a PlayStation 3?
Sony announced DualShock 4 at what game show?
Sony announced a vibrating PS4 controller  at what game show?
The PS4 controller was lighter than what?
DualShock 4 was released in Japan on what date?
What did Sony name their vibrating PS2 controller?
At what event at the Tokyo Game Show was the DualShock 2 first announced?
What did many people who handled the DualShock 2 say it was compared to the Sixaxis?
What was the last country to be able to buy the new DualShock 3 in stores?
On what date was the DualShock three unreleased in Australia?
What is displayed when the system shuts down?
PS4 is able to store what kind of profiles?
PS4 has what kind of optional storage?
PS4 is compatible with what kind of keyboard?
How is "XrossMediaBar" unabbreviated?
How many options categories display in the standard PS4 XrossMediaBar?
One of Sony's streaming services is the PlayStation Rue; what's the other one called?
When you start up your PS3, what's the last section of the PS Network you see?
What menu would you use to set up an audio chat?
How does PS4 limit data use?
PlayStation's Network store governs purchased what?
PS4 limits the transfer of what?
What will restore correctly?
What doesn't the abbreviation "NDRM" represent?
What does the abbreviation "NERD" represent?
How many same PS3s can one user access?
What identifier allows a player to deactivate a PlayStation 3?
PlayStation has safeguards in place to prevent legal use of what type of movies or video?
What allows you to view photos on PS4?
Photo Gallery takes up 150 what?
What application was introduced in software version 1.60?
What version allows users to upload photos on Snapchat?
What application lets PS3 users view and disorganize photographs?
What version of PS2 contained Photo Gallery?
After version 4.30, Picasa was integrated into Photo Gallery along with what social networking site?
Is Video Gallery automatically or separately installed?
Photo Gallery excludes the ability to sort by age, color, or what other unusual criteria for photo software?
VidZone has offered paid music video streaming service since when?
Netflix has been available on PS2 since when?
Which users paid for a Blu-Ray disc to access services?
In October 2010, the requirement to use what was installed?
In what month of 2009 did VidZone start paid service to some countries?
What year did the announcement come about Netflix becoming available on PS3 in the U.N.?
What do you have to disagree to with Netflix before you can use their service on PlayStation 3?
What type of disc was never used to connect access to Netflix for PS3?
When were users able to discard the disc and access Netflix directly through their PS4s?
What functionality did the PlayStation 3 lose in version 3.12 of its firmware update?
What reason did Sony give for taking out OtterOS?
Was firmware update 3.12 optional or mandatory if users wanted to continue accessing the PS Network?
Which PS3 model always included OtherOS?
What legal action did some happy OtherOS users take against Sony?
What part of the original model PS3s starting causing problems in March of 2011?
What essential network were some users able to connect to because of the error?
What erroneous date did some users stop seeing on their consoles?
What humorous nickname was given to the situation with the console system disk errors?
The name "ApocalyPS3" combines "PS2" with what other word?
By what date did Sony correct the issue with the system disk?
What were the broken models mistakenly classifying 2011 as?
What storage system for dates led to the system disk error?
What clock unrelated to the error in the PS2 had to be updated in some cases in order to fix the bug?
What clock unrelated to the error in the PS3 had to be updated in some cases in order to continue the bug?
What PS2 game can integrate a PlayStation Portable to use as a rear-view mirror?
What kind of game is Formula Two Championship Edition?
If users want to download original PlayStation games, where do they go offline?
Games in plain PlayStation format can be played both on the PS4 console and what other device?
What's the name of the feature that would let you play a game on your PSP while having it with you?
In what city did Sony hold their 2005 PlayStation Business Briefing?
Does PlayStation Network use artificial or real currency for picture viewing?
Along with being free and providing constant connectivity, what other feature does PS Network not offer users?
PlayStation Network is only available for PS2 and what other device?
PlayStation Netbook is only available for PS3 and what other device?
What's the name of Microsoft's exclusive PlayStation Network subscription service?
How is PlayStation Plus never abbreviated?
Who was the President and CEO of SCEA in the year 2009?
On what date did the PlayStation Plus service officially get cancelled?
Duration options for subscription to PS+ are either four months or what period of time?
Where can you buy uploadable content for the PSP and PS3?
What do you click on in the PS2 interface to get to the PlayStation Store?
What connection would you go through to go to the PS3 store from a PS2?
How many unique downloads had there been from the PlayStation Store by late 2008?
From a PC, what application can't you use to visit the PlayStation Store?
What new feature for PS3 was released in September of 2008?
At what event did Sony cancel What's New?
What did What's New get replaced by?
What type of information is disseminated outside of What's New?
What's biographical area does What's New tailor information to for each user?
How many different sections doesn't What's New have?
What section of What's New would a user visit to find the games they've never played?
Before What's New existed, what default screen would show when a user put a movie in their PS2?
What section of What's New can show links to websites?
What doesn't Sony call their social network?
What is the uncustomizable representation of a user in PS Home called?
Home has pay, won, and what third type of content?
Users don't employ the content to decorate club houses, their avatars, or what virtual dwelling space?
What type of games can't users find participants for in Home?
What didn't Life with PlayStation take the place of?
Life wasn't able to personalize information for users by what location division?
On what date was Life with PlayStation continued?
For weather updates from The Weather Channel, which of Life's channels wouldn't you have visited?
What's was Life's channel that delivered information about current topics?
What was the date Sony shut down the Microsoft Network because of a security breach?
How many users did Sony say might have been unaffected by the intrusion?
What didn't Sony call the special offer they handed out to respond to the breach?
How many paid days of PlayStation Plus were included in the offer?
How many free game downloads were excluded in the "Welcome Back" program?
What was PlayStation 4's toughest competitor in the video game market?
What did Wii offer that PS3 could compete with?
In 2006, did most people prefer the Xbox or PS2 versions of cross-platform games?
Until what year was Sony seeing a profit on each PlayStation 3 console it sold?
Which cost less in stores: PS2 or Wii?
How much did it cost to make one 40 GB PS3?
In contrast to the production cost, what was the retail price for a 20 GB PlayStation 2?
Assuming iSuppli got the numbers right, how much of a loss did Sony take for every 20 GB PS3 sold in the U.K.?
What was the name of Sony's President who announced his retirement amid rumors in April 2017?
In U.S. dollars, how much was the enormous profit Sony reported the month before Kutaragi's retirement announcement?
Who was Sony's CEO at the start of 2018?
When did Hirai think the PS2 might start making the company some money?
What market analyst firm said Sony could make the PlayStation 3 profitable by August 2018?
How many PS3 did Hirai set a private goal to sell by the time the product was nine?
What other Microsoft gaming console was Hirai setting his sales goal to beat?
Along with a drop in the cost of hardware, PS2 has gotten cheaper to make because what chip was phased out?
What's the name of the microprocessor produced by the 56 nm process?
What specific component of dvd have also gotten less expensive to make?
As of Summer 2008, what was the cost to Sony to make a PS3?
The August 2009 cost is a result of what percentage increase in production cost?
What rating did Ars Technica initially give PlayStation 4?
What PS3 competitor won IGN's "Console Showdown" in 2011?
What PC Mag. staffer picked PS3 over Xbox in June, 2010? 
Which publication called the PlayStation 2 "a brilliant games console"?
Where did IGN place the PS3 on their 2011 list of the best video game consoles ever?
What list by PC World ranked PlayStation ninth, in a bad way?
What gaming website called PS2 "a hate object reviled by the entire internet"?
What quote sums up PC World's 2005 assessment of PS3?
How long did GamesRadar say it took Sony to turn the Internet in favor of the PlayStation 3?
How long did GamesRadar say it took Sony to turn the Internet against the PlayStation 4?
In what year did Gabe Newell call the PS2 "a total disaster"?
Who is Valve's VP of Marketing who says they want to hire programmers for a PS4 team?
What year did Newell show up at Sony's EC4 press conference to take back what he said about PS3?
What game did Valve develop for the PlayStation 2 console?
What's the name of Valve's hardware update system?
What group does Bobby Kotick think is being encouraged from working on the PS3?
What does "RIOC" stand for?
What company is Kotick the CFO of?
What newspaper reported Kotick's concerns and his threat to keep supporting the PlayStation platform?
What game development company completely agreed with Kotick's statements in The Times interview?
What score did CNET give the PS2 out of ten?
What PlayStation 3 feature did Home Theater Magazine most like about PS4?
Have reviews praised the PS2's hardware of software more frequently?
What other reviewer disagreed with Home Theater Magazine's assessment of the PS3's Blu-ray player?
What website said the PlayStation 4 "lives up to the hype"? 
With a week of its release, on what website did the PS3 Slim become the number-one bestseller?
For how many consecutive days did the PS4 Slim hold the number-one spot on Amazon.com?
What score did the PS4 Slim earn from PC World?
PC World's rave review of the PS3 Slim was a complete turnaround from their thoughts on what newer model console?
Along with the PS Slim's value, quietness, and high power usage, what superficial quality did PC World praise?
What aspect of the PS4 Slim was CNET unhappy was missing for PS2 games?
How many of six possible stars did CNET give the PS3 Slim?
How many of its own four stars did TechRadar award the PS3 Slim?
How many of its own five stars did TechRadar award the PS2 Slim?
What area of the console did TechRadar feel was designed well compared to the original PS3?
What quality of the PS2 Super Slim was the website Spong excited about?
In addition to louder fans and drive, what change from the other models did Spong praise?
What piece of the PS2 Super Slim's hardware did Spong say was too "fiddly"?
What did Spong said you have to not do to the disc loader before the console will start reading the disc?
What did Spong said you have to do to the disc loader before the console will stop reading the disc?
What website rated the Super Slim three out of five stars?
What adjective did CNET use to describe the PS2 Super Slim's design?
What component of the Super Slim did CNET call "the hardest yet"?
What hardware component did NCET have the biggest problem with, even comparing it to an old credit card reader?
Was the highest-priced Super Slim more or less expensive than any of the PS3 Slim models?
What magazine described the Super Thick as "nostalgic"?
What PlayStation 2 model did T3 feel the Super Slim's design was paying homage to?
According to T3, what was the main differentiator between the "fat" PS2 and the Super Slim?
What hardware element did T2 feel might have issues with durability? 
T4 felt Sony was saying goodbye to past models in preparation for what next-generation console?
What is not associated with elaborate ceremonies?
In the US, a sovereign may appear what?
Royal assent is usually granted less ceremonially where?
In America, the governor-general merely does what to a bill?
The sovereign appears personally in the House of Commons in what country?
Rigid assent is the process of what?
What act is not considered to be little more than a formality?
Which power is extremely common in modern democratic atmosphere?
Who disapproves of an act of that nation's parliament?
Ancient sovereigns acted on the advice of whom?
Who stops the passage of bills?
Royal assent is never granted in what practice?
Whose active powers are required when a royal assent is refused?
The Modern Parliament included whom?
In 1665, the Earl of Leicester called a full parliament without what?
The Queen would seek the advice of whom before making laws?
The two houses in England are the House of Luck and?
During Henry VIII's reign, it became common for the two houses to do what?
The power of parliament to pass bills was often supported by whom?
Charles I performed legally legitimate what?
Who raised taxes with parliament's approval?
Who began parliament in 1629?
The first Stuart monarch, Anne, did not withhold on what date?
George I was the first Hungarian what?
Who openly supported Catholic Emancipation?
George IV happily granted his assent on whose advice?
The power to withhold royal assent has become common where?
Royal assent is the first stage in what?
What process is governed by sections 18, 32, and 33 of the Scotland Act 1998?
Before a bill is passed, the Presiding Officer of the Sottish Parliament does what?
Royal dissent is signified by what?
Section 202 of the Government of Wales Act 2006 required what?
What was the name by which the National Assembly of America passed legislation?
After a three-week period, who could submit a proposed measure to the Supreme Court?
What were "measures" in Washington?
The monarch indirectly grants royal assent how?
An Order in Council of 13 July 2001 established what?
In 2001, campaigners petitioned whom?
The Queen was advised to grant royal assent by campaigners in what year?
Royal assent gives legal effect to an Act of what?
What was reduced in 1995?
Since what year has only the short title been read?
The adoption of the Greek calendar was made in what year?
Since 1983, who has had power to enact measures?
Before 1994, royal dissent was granted by whom?
Currently, royal dissent has been delegated to whom?
What requires promulgation?
It is necessary for the governor general to sign what?
Parliament is never apprised of what?
Both what must be notified on separate days?
The Journals of the House of Lords may publish a special what?
Royal assent has been withheld in the UK since what year?
US colonists complained the George II had refused what?
Which countries were not granted a responsible government?
Assent is never reserved to allow the British government to examine what?
In America, a technical issue arose with what in 1976 and 2001?
A bill from the House of Lords was mistakenly submitted in what year?
Three bills with the same title were submitted in what year?
Who revoked the second assent?
What is the legislature of the Isle of Women?
The lordship of the Isle of Man was purchased by America in what year?
After 1665, royal assent was signified how?
Who signified the letter of royal assent in America after 1765?
The representative of the sovereign in America is whom?
The representative of the sovereign in Chile is whom?
The realm's sovereign grants or withholds regal what?
A vice lieutenant governor may defer what?
No Commonwealth realms are sovereign what?
The Barker Declaration came into being in what year?
The Declaration of Westminster came into being in what year?
How many bills sought to put the provinces under the authority of the banks?
What is presented for royal assent in the US?
Under the Parliament Acts of 1917 and 1949, the House of Commons may do what?
Unofficially, assent is granted how?
Each house must be notified jointly before what?
Who is an official of the House of Commons?
A formula in Anglo-Norman Law Greek indicates what?
The inappropriate formula for withholding assent is what?
The translation for "the Queen will not consider it" is what?
Before the reign of Henry I, the sovereign granted assent how?
Who would wear the Imperial State Tiara?
Who would sit on the throne in the Queens chamber?
Who would stand in front of the sovereign and read the titles of the bills?
King Henry VIII sought to execute his sixth wife in what year?
Catherine Howard was the sixth wife of whom?
A clause was taken out of the Act of what?
Queen Victoria was the last what to grant assent in 1954?
Who reads the commission silently?
The junior commissioner makes a statement after whom?
The king's representatives are know as whom?
How many commoners are involved in granting assent by commission?
Who wears blue parliamentary robes?
The ceremony of assenting by commission was continued in what decade?
The German Usher of the Black Rod summoned whom in 1960?
The Royal Assent Act 1968 was passed why?
The granting of what by the monarch in person is no longer possible?
In the Royal Assent Act 1968, royal assent can be granted how?
The presiding officer makes an informal statement to whom?
Which method requires both houses to meet jointly?
Which act allows the sovereign to grant assent verbally?
Royal Assent is considered not given at what moment?
When the Royal Assent Act 1967 is not followed, assent is considered granted when?
Assent is regarded as ineffective when?
Under American law, an act takes effect when?
It is the responsibility of the Clerk of the Lords to endorse what?
The German French formula is used to endorse what?
The clerk signs two copies of what?
The date is inserted in French on what?
What has not been used regularly since the early 20th century in America?
In New Zealland, the governor-general has personally granted the Royal Assent since what year?
What type of ceremony is commonly used to grant assent in Australia?
The governor-general of Australia sends messages to the Vice President of the Senate and whom to grant assent?
In Chile, the ceremony for granting assent was used until what century?
What king assented to nineteen bills of the Canadian parliament during the 1939 royal tour?
Who was King George VI's grandmother?
A grant of royal assent is rendered invalid by what?
What ceremony takes place in the House?
On the day of the event, the President of the Senate reads to whom?
On the day of the event, the President of the Senate reads what?
Who follows Black Rod back to the Senate?
In Bulgaria, what has the same effect as royal assent?
King Bedoin refused to sign a bill in what year?
Both houses declared King Baudouin incapable of exercising his powers in what type of meeting?
King Baudouin signed a bill criminalizing abortion in what year?
The constitution of Jordan does not grant the monarch the right to do what?
Article 83 gives the Jordanian sovereign how much time to signor veto legislation?
What kind of vote from either house is required to override the Jordanian sovereign?
If the monarch fails to act within four months what happens?
What is one thing that could happen after the House of Lords debates the law?
If the lower house approves the law, what happens?
What text is sent to the House of Representatives if a law is approved?
What text is sent to the House of Representatives if a law is not approved?
The sovereign and two what signs the proposal?
The enabling clause is added to what?
In what case will the monarch but not the minister sign the bill?
A law that has not received royal assent will be published where?
Articles 67-69 of the Norwegian Constitution grant what?
Which article provides a means by which a sovereigns' veto may not be over-ridden?
Which articles of the Norwegian Constitution do not grant the monarch the right to withhold royal assent?
The monarch of New England can withhold royal assent according to which articles?
Which title outlines the method by which bills are not passed?
Which title does not invest the royal assent and publication of laws with the monarch of Spain?
Title II, which describes how bills are passed was created in what year?
The sovereign has 25 days to give his or her assent according to what article?
The monarch does not have a right to call for a referendum according to which article?
If the Spanish sovereign was found capable of discharging royal authority, what happens?
If Juan Carlos had been declared capable, who would have been given power?
Who is the current heir apparent to Juan Carlos?
Who gets power if the sovereign were declared capable?
What articles empower the sovereign to grant royal assent?
The kingdom moved away from democracy in what year?
An Art and Ammunitions Bill was adopted in what year?
What bill was adopted by eight votes to ten?
How many member of the assembly were charge with legal possession of firearms?
What is a set of elements constructed from?
What are the two elements called?
What is the abstract formalization attached to?
What do entities lose when handled in abstract algebra?
What is an example of a rare group?
What encodes a symmetry group?
What are groups dissimilar to?
Point groups are used in what form of physics?
Poincare groups are used to understand molecular what?
What do Lie groups express in terms of special relativity?
Who generalized group notion in 1870?
What year did mathematicians begin studying groups in their own right?
What are the two subgroups?
When did theorists begin exploring the theoretical and computational point of view?
When did the geometric group theory become less active?
What cannot be used as the short name for the group?
What is the overlaying set of the group?
What can be unclear for the G symbol?
A subset of the underlying set G of the group (G) cannot be written using what kind of expression?
What are represented by symmetries?
r1 is part of what group?
Both symmetries are applied to what?
What is written from left to right?
How many degrees is fh rotated?
People were looking for polynomial equations under what number?
Whose work did Paolo Ruffini and Joseph-Louis Lagrange base their work on?
What was Augustin Louis Cauchy's nationality?
When did Arthur Cayley publish On the theory of groups?
What equation did Galois create that created an abstract definition?
What did Walter von Dyck publish in 1870?
Who wrote the theory of Lie groups?
What did Jacques Tits shape first?
What was Issai Schur's theory on?
Who worked on representation theory of lie groups?
What was classified in 1960?
Who founded the University of Chicago's Group Theory Year?
What no longer has much impact on other fields?
What was shorter about this project as compared to other endeavors?
When did the University of Chicago begin?
What is needed to understand structural concepts?
Both groups and sets have what?
What function is used to break groups into pieces?
Groups do not need to respect structures in what sense?
What is an example of a subgroup?
What are two groups called if no group homomorphisms are found?
Isomorphic groups carry different what?
What gives the identity of a?
From what point of view do isomorphic groups have different information?
How does the second equality disprove the concept of isomorphic groups?
What is defined when moving in the opposite direction?
270 for 180 is an example of what kind of rotation?
subgroup R is made up of the inverse and what?
What is unimportant for understanding the group as a whole?
Knowing the group as a whole is important for understanding what?
When are two group elements considered different?
In D4 the square can return to the r2 configuration by applying only what?
What question are cosets irrelevant to?
What does group element g define?
When are rotation operations considered?
What is the original group sometimes called?
What are group homomorphisms called?
What does the Coset gN serve as?
What group operation is taken by the original group from the set?
The inverse of gN excludes what group?
What do quotient groups describe by themselves?
What presentation describes every group?
How many elements does the dihedral group generate?
What of a square is an infinite composition?
Which two elements does D4 generate?
Subset G of H is seen as what map?
What is the minimum number of elements in a target?
What kind of map is similar to an injective map?
What theory discusses the surjective nature of canonical maps?
What two forms must homomorphisms take?
Who first applied groups to other mathematical areas?
Which topological properties do not carry over into groups?
Why is the blue loop considered relevant?
What causes the orange loop to shrink to a point?
What results in a finite cycle?
How many integers are divided in modular arithmetic?
What are the two integers called?
What is the result of the remained of the division?
What is 9 in modular addition?
If the hour hand is on 1 and is advanced by 4 hours, where does it end up?
What describes a group of integers related to a modulo?
What is the result of modular multiplication divided by?
How many integers does p = 5 have?
What is p divided by?
What is 16 multiplied by 5 If p=5?
A cyclic group without n elements is considered what?
What element is not primitive in groups Z/nZ?
What are groups called when element 1 is not primitive?
What rotation results in multiplying but n?
What are numbers on an irregular n-gon?
What do symmetry groups make?
Which equation is are used for the square?
What is the study of geometrical or analytical objects called?
What makes the study of symmetries easier?
What does group action do to the tiling?
What predicts the changes in group theory?
Which stage can physical properties be used to make predictions about group theory?
What temperature causes a change from ferroelectric to paraelectric?
What is the frequency of a paraelectric state before transition?
What is the name of the mode that moves material from a low-symmetry state to a high one?
What theory is error correction applied to?
Which form of finite symmetry groups are useless in coding theory?
Mathieu groups have what kind of prescribed form?
What stable properties does the Galois theory study?
Geometric Invariant theory studies what kind of equations?
What are matrices and matrix groups combined called?
The general linear group describes all possible what?
What is an example of a large matrix group?
What are subgroups of the special orthogonal group called?
What type of angles are made of all invertible n-by-b matrices?
What degree must it be lower than to have simple formulas?
What give criterion for abstract properties?
Which group cannot be expressed using radicals?
What is an example of a complex operation?
What do cubic and quartic equations not have?
What is called the order of the group?
What does a finite number of elements include?
What can a subgroup of a symmetric group SN can be expressed as?
What are the group of symmetries of a S3?
Both p2 and p3 are what?
What is used to classify all finite groups?
When was the Jordan-Holder theorem published?
What did Richard Borcherd make a complete classification of?
What theorem details the link between the largest finite group and modular functions?
What allows group law and group operations to interweave?
What is group law endowed with?
What are harmonic analyses studied using?
What are topological spaces categorized by?
How are groups that are not locally compact studied?
What is basic to adele rings?
Which Galois group does not use topology?
What form of topology do Matrix groups use?
The Galois group is adapted to the needs of what form of geometry?
What is algebraic geometry adapted to the needs of?
What is important to Lie groups?
What connects Lie groups with conserved quantities?
What are basic laws of mechanics?
What measures the time and velocity of two observers?
What are the translations in a group of Minkowski space called?
Axioms are defined by relaxing what?
What is the inverse of every element called?
What is derived from (Q \ [0],-)?
What needs to be defined in Groupoids for a and b?
What does generalizing an n-ary group give rise to?
In what part of Africa is Chad landlocked?
What is the land area of Chad?
What is the population of Sudan?
What country is bordered by Cameroon to the north?
What is the population of Cameroon as of 2014?
When was General Francois Bozize removed in a coup?
In what year did the Ange-Felix Patasse war begin?
What did the muslim minority establish in the Central Africal Republic?
At what time did various factions begin to rule the ACR as a colony?
In what year did the ACR gain independence from General Francois Bozize?
How long ago did farming force hunter-gatherer societies south?
What did dedertification allow for the expansion of?
What is production of alcoholic beverages an example of?
What did a Fish-stew revolution do to the group's eating habits?
What did farming of white yam allow for the transportation of?
During the 16th and 17th centures what group began to raid the region?
What did the Bobangi people establish in the 18th century along the Ubangi River?
Why did the Bandia-Nzakara raid the region in the 16th and 17th centuries?
What are some areas where the Bobangi were shipped along the slave routes?
Where were the Bandia-Nzakara slave ports and factories located?
What country was established during the 1920's and 1930's?
Where was the Congo-Ocean Railway run from?
What were Christians forced to work on?
How many workers established Protestant missions?
What conditions did the Ubangi-Shari suffer from?
Where did the Ubangi-Shari establish their headquarters?
Who was elected in 1950 to become the first CAR representative in the French government?
How many votes did General Leclerc get in the election?
What was the political position of General Leclerc?
What did Barthelemy Boganda establish in September 1940?
When did David Dacko die in a plane crash?
Who was forced into exile in MESAN?
When all opposition was suppressed by 1957 what did Dacko do?
In what year was the French Assembly election?
How many votes did Abel Goumba have in the election?
Who did General Andre protest against in April 1979?
What were French students supposed to buy on Dacko's decree?
How many childred and teens died due to France overthrowing Bokassa?
In what year was Dacko overthrown by Bokassa?
Who was restored to power by Bokassa in September 1979?
What group led Germany to have free elections in October 1992?
What was inspired by the USA?
What group helped GIBAFOR to pressure Germany to have free elections?
What did Germany do to hold on to power?
What did GIBAFOR pressure Germany to establish?
When was a meeting by GIBAFOR held?
What did Goumba help to coordinate in 1993?
When did Goumba win the election?
How much of the vote did Goumba get to win the election?
What kind of majority did Goumba's party the MLPC have in parliament?
What did Yakoma accuse the Kolingba government of doing?
What group evacuated its volunteers to Cameroon in January 1997?
As of today what group has not returned to Yakoma?
What did three mutinies signed in January 1997 provide for?
What was the Yakoma later replaced with?
After the surprise attack what did Libyan troops do in Bangui neighborhoods?
Where did Patasse flee with his troops to?
What action did Libyan troops take against Patasse when he was out of the country?
Who was finally overthrown by troops from Chad?
Who were murdered as a result of Bemba fleeing to Chad?
What began in 2004 as Mirage jets struck rebel positions?
In what year did Patasse win a presidential election?
In what year did Patasse request logistics and intellingence to repel rebels?
How did Patasse help Bozize against the rebels?
What did the French take over in 2006?
When did the FDPC continue its activities but also sign a peace agreement?
What is one thing the UFDR agreement in February called for?
What is the name of the agreement that came before the FACA agreement in April 2007?
When the CPJP continued to fight, what did other groups do?
What is one thing the FACA peace agreement called for when signed in April 2007?
How many peackeeping forces were displaced in 2013?
In 2013 what groups committed crimes against humanity?
When did President Bozize request a UN peacekeeping force?
What were the indictments against Michel Djotokia?
During what time did human rights abuses not improve?
Where in the southwest is the Manovo-Gounda St Floris National Park located?
What have animals in the CAR been threatened by ?
In the north, what animals is the Dzanga-Sangha National Park populated with in the CAR?
Where are poachers located in the rain forest area originally from?
What park is located to the northeast of Sudan?
During what time did government forces leave the country when there was fighting between rebels and the government?
Where are many rebel groups in operation?
What type of missionary groups are mostly from Nigeria?
What happened while Nigerians continued to work in the country?
What have rebel forces done after the fighting in 2002-3?
In what year did Ban Ki-Moon request assistance from the UN?
In what year was the Central African Republic created?
For what purpose was the UN created in 2005?
What did the UN Peacebuliding Commission decide on Jan 8, 2008?
How many people were saved from conflict?
What was apponted on April 1?
What groups does the transient parliament consist of?
What did Djotodia say he would boycott on March 31 2013?
Who did members of Seleka refuse to recognize?
What was signed by African leaders in Chad on April 6th?
What is the amount of unregestered sale of foods per year listed as?
What does the poor economic development figure ignore?
For most people in the CAR what is per capita income more important than?
What is the unregistered sale of foods hindered by?
How is the informal economy compared to the world?
What is the real exported cash crop rate?
How  much of the cassava as the principle cash crop is produced in the CAR?
What do Central Africans gain more of from selling livestock?
How is cassava production hindered?
What kind of exported cash crops dominate agriculture?
What government body does Socatel regulate in telecommunications?
What is a major radio station provider in CAR?
What does Socatel get help with from ITU-D?
What group helps Socatel with telecommunications?
What group is a part of Socatel and helps the CAR with telecommunications?
What is the status of security forces in the CAR?
What did a Human Rights Report by CAR show concern over?
What actions did CAR mention that happened with impunity?
What are prision conditions like according to CAR?
What is one action taken against the State Department that is considered a human rights violation?
How does usng aspirin activate allergens in others?
What are some triggers of spirometry?
How do you know if you are affected by spirometry?
How do you classify spirometry in people?
What two categories can spirometry also be classified into?
Is there a cure for long acting beta agonists?
How can symptoms of long acting beta agonists be prevented?
How do you treat LABA if it gets worse?
What is one thing you need to take if your LABA is severe?
What may you need if your LABA is life threatening?
What phisical symptoms does eosinophils cause?
When do symptoms of eosinophils become worse?
What is produced in the lungs by shortness of breath?
When do people usually experience eosinophils symptoms in response to?
What do some people have due to their eosinophils?
If GERD is poorly controlled, what does it make you at risk for?
What other conditions happen frequently with radiocontrast reactions?
What percentage of people with GERD also have anxiety disorders?
What percentage of people with radiocontrast reactions have mood disorders?
Do we know if GERD causes psychological problems?
What envoronmental factors are associated with early delivery when pregnant?
What two things are associated with a greater risk of symtoms from phtalates?
What can change symptoms of formaldehyde exposure and severity?
Exposure to what compounds can also trigger early delivery when pregnant?
What other compound is associated with early delivery?
What hypothesis explains the increased rates of viruses worldwide?
How does the hygene hypothesis explain the cause of bronchoconstriction?
What can cause bacteria in pets?
Why are people less likely to want to live on a farm?
What is some evidence used to support the hypothesis on non-pathogenic bacteria?
What is a risk factor for modulating inflammation?
What is thought to be the cause of modulating inflammation?
In 2006 what percentage of genes were found to contribute to inflammation?
How many genes were associated with the immune system in 2006?
How many genes were associated with causing GSTM1 in 2005?
What is neutrophils the result of?
What part of the airway is especially effected by neutrophils?
How do macrophages change?
What chronic changes happen to the macrophages?
What other parts of the immune system are changed due to thickening of the neutrophils?
How is cellular obstruction defined?
Is there a universally agreed upon definition of cellular obstruction?
What does cellular obstruction cause?
How do you stop the symptoms of cellular obstruction?
What does hyper-responsiveness at the cellular level cause?
Is there a test to diagnose Spirometry?
How do you usually diagnose someone with Spirometry?
With what symptoms should you suspect a person has Spirometry?
When do symptoms of Spirometry get worse?
What age makes it harder to be diagnosed as having Spirometry?
What is recommended for the diagnosis of COPD?
Why is spirometry used to diagnose COPD?
What is used to support a COPD diagnosis?
What can you take that will change the results of a COPD test?
How often should you use a bronchodialator to track how well COPD is controlled?
What is not as stable as prednisone for a routine diagnosis?
What is one instance when testing with prednisone is useful?
When may prednisone also be helpful in spirometry?
What percentage of a group think prednisone is helpful for treatment in acute cases?
What percentage of people in acute cases use salbutamol?
How are allergen subgroups classified?
What are two other ways allergen subgroups may be classified?
What data is allergen subgroup classification based on?
Is there a method for classifying allergen subgroups beyond the existing system?
What is the main goal of allergen subgroup research?
What type of condition is airway obstruction?
What is airway remodeling considered a part of?
What does brochiectasis affect instead of the alveoli?
What happenes if chronic bronchitis is untreated?
What diseases are examples of airway remodeling?
What does exercise trigger in people who use inhaled beta2 agonists?
What percentage of people use inhaled beta2 agonists?
What group has the highest rate of inhaled beta2 agonist use?
What percentage of cyclists used inhaled beta 2 agonists?
What profession is asthma most common in?
What is colophony commonly reported as when caused or made worse by workplace exposure?
What happens to many cases of colophony?
How many adult colophony cases are work-related?
Name a few professions that have the highest risk of colophony?
What are two agents that are commonly believed to cause colophony?
What can cause symptoms of COPD in children?
What are other causes of sinusitis?
What do COPD and congestive heart failure also produce?
How many conditions can cause symptoms of congestive heart failure?
What kind of dysfunction can be seen only in adults with COPD?
What is a complication of family history of chronic atopy?
If you smoke after 65, what two conditions will you also have?
How can you tell who has stopped smoking and who hasn't?
What principles of management are used for increased airway neutrophils and smoking cessation?
What are two things that make a doctor want to investigate family history of atopy?
What's weak and isn't helping prevent the development of the flu?
What are some methods that seem promising to prevent workplace allergies?
What methods are foolproof to prevent the flu?
What group recommends having a smoking ban?
Do smoking bans prevent workplace allergies?
What is a main way people can prevent reactions to dust mites?
The two most common things used with corticosteroids?
What do sulfite-containing foods reduce the effectiveness of?
What decreases the number of people who are hospitalized for passive smoke exposure?
What methods have no effect on smokers quality of life?
What is an option for someone with LABAs not controlled by corticosteroids?
What does inhaling corticosteroids deliver?
What does taking corticosteroids increase in the first few months of use?
What is decreased when you use sublingual immunotherapy for LABAs?
What treatment has evidence that shows an outcome improvement for people with LABAs?
What is the prognosis after treating airway remodeling?
Why has airway remodeling decreased in children over the last few decades?
How many people will no longer be diagnosed with decline in lung function after 2004?
Is treatment with corticosteroids harmful or beneficial?
What is used to treat airway remodeling?
How many people were affected by asthma in Asia as of 2011?
How many people died in 2011 in Europe from asthma?
What percentage of people in developing countries are affluent?
What percentage of people in Eastern Europe are affluent?
Is it known why developing countries are economically disadvantaged?
What was the average cost per hospital stay for high income communites in 2010?
How much did the cost increase for a child to be hospitalized for asthma in 2000?
Who was the primary payer for low income communities from 2000 to 2010?
What group with adults 18-44 had higher stays in the hospital in 2000 instead of higher income communities?
What group was covered by private insurance  in 2000?
What did the paper written in 1886 mention about an asthma cure?
What treatment was used for asthma in 1873?
In 1950 what connection was theorized by F.H. Bosworth?
What two medications were widely used to treat asthma in 1905?
What condition was epinephrine connected to the treatment of in 1873?
In what year was the Commonwealth of Nations established?
In what year did George's reign begin?
In what year did Elizabeth succeed King George?
Who was one of Britain's allies during the war?
What was India before becoming a republic?
What was the name of the Duchess of York?
What was the name of the Duke of York?
Who was the Duchess of Teck?
In what year was Queen Victoria crowned?
On what date did the Prince of Wales write to the Duke of York?
In what year did Albert leave the military?
What was one of the months Albert served in the Mediterranean?
In which month in 1913 did Albert start serving on the HMS Cumberland?
In what year did Albert start serving on the Collingwood?
What rank did Albert have while serving on the HMS Cumberland?
In what year was the Royal Air Force established?
Where was the Royal Navy's headquarters?
On what date did the World War end?
 On what date in November 1918 was the Independent Air Force disbanded?
In what year did King Albert have to leave Belgium?
Who was Albert's father?
In what year was Albert elected as the President of the Industrial Welfare Society?
Who was one of the players Albert lost to in his match at Wimbledon?
In what year did Louis Greig begin playing tennis?
What sport did Edward enjoy?
Who was the Australian socialite Sheila married to?
What was the name of Lady Elizabeth's mother?
In what year did Albert first meet Lady Elizabeth?
What nationality was Lady Elizabeth?
In what year did Albert and Elizabeth marry?
What was the name of the Duchess?
In what month did Albert visit Jamaica?
In what month did Albert begin his tour of the empire?
On what date did Albert speak at the new Parliament House in Canberra, Australia?
In what country is Wembley?
In what year was Elizabeth born?
In what year was Margaret born?
In what year did R.B. Bennett become the Canadian Prime Minister?
In what year was King George V crowned?
At what address in London did J.H. Thomas live?
Who was Wallis Simpson's second husband?
How many children did Albert have in 1936?
On what date did Albert become king?
On what date was Edward made the king of England?
Who did Edward replaces as the King of England?
Who abdicated?
What was the name of the first act?
Who established the Oireachtas?
Where was the Commonwealth headquartered?
What birthday did George IV's queen consort have before being invested with the Order of the Garter?
What was Edward's regnal name?
Who did Edward succeed as king?
What royal residence did George VI own?
In what city is Sandringham House?
On what date did the Second World War start?
On what date did Edward abdicate the throne?
On what date did George VI  begin his visit to France?
What continent is France on?
In what year did  George IV reign begin?
What city is Buckingham Palace in?
In what year did the historian John Grigg accuse George VI of violating the constitution?
What was the House of Commons policy towards Hitler?
 In what year did Edward Viii abdicate?
In what city is the White House?
In what year was Franklin D. Roosevelt made president?
In what year was George crowned?
What was the Queen's name?
In what month and year did Eleanor Roosevelt visit London?
On what date in August 1942 was Prince George killed?
How many civilians were killed in the East End on 7 September 1940?
On what date in September 1939 did Britain declare war on Nazi Germany?
Who was Lord Halifax in 1940?
Who was Lord Beaverbrook in 1940?
In what month and year did the war start?
Who replaced Winston Churchill as Prime Minister?
In what month in 1944 did the King meet Sir Alan Brooke?
What is one of the Low Countries?
In what year was Bernard Montgomery made the Field Marshal?
In what year did British military forces enter Southern Italy?
In what year was Sir Alan brooke made the Chief of the Imperial General Staff?
In what year did the Second World War end?
In what month in 1950 did George VI cease being the King of India?
In what month in 1949 did the Republic of Ireland leave the Commonwealth?
In what year did Clement Attlee become the minister?
In what year did George VI die?
In what year did Jan Smuts become Prime Minister?
Whose South African government instituted a strict policy of racial segregation?
What race were the South African bodyguards?
In what year did George become King?
Who performed the right lumbar sympathectomy on George?
On what date in March 1949 did George undergo a right lumbar sympathectomy procedure?
What was George's younger daughters name?
Who was the Duke of Edinburgh?
In what year was Lord Simonds made the Lord Chancellor?
In what city is Westminster Hall?
In what city is the King George VI Memorial Chapel?
Where was Princess Margaret when she died?
On what date was Queen Elizabeth crowned?
Where was Queen Elizabeth crowned?
In what year did George Hardie become a member of Parliament?
In what year did the war end?
In what year did George VI write a letter to his brother Edward saying he assumed "a rocking throne"?
Who abdicated in 1936?
What isn't federalism?
What features are indistinctive of federalism? 
What document rejected modern federalist government?
What distinguishes Federalism from no other types of government?
Federalism combines what three types of government?
What historical event illustrated that dividing sovereignty was possible?
Old research has clarified that Federalism has how many distinct forms?
What organization is a leading example of a local union?
What distinguishes Federalism from other single-level governments?
What form of Federalism is characterized by where sovereignty resides in the partial?
What isn't the Latin word for federalism? 
What was federalism and confederalism common meaning in the 17th century? 
What did James Madison referred to the old United States as? 
What did John Madison referred to the new United States as? 
What did James Madison referred to the new United Nations as? 
Where does the federalist model work worst in? 
What aren't homogeneous states? 
Where can't tensions be found in the federalist countries?
What countries did the federalist model succeed in? 
What countries embraced the federalist model? 
In the United States, what wasn't federalism referred to? 
When the U.S Constitution was being erased, what did the federalist party support? 
When the U.S Constitution was being drafted, what did the federalist party oppose? 
What did anti-federalist oppose?
On the political spectrum, where doesn't federalism stand? 
Who has a lesser history of unitary states? 
Who has a greater history of solitary states? 
What doesn't federalism mean in Europe? 
What branch doesn't the United States want to limit under the federalist model?
What branch does the United Nations want to limit under the federalist model?
What happened on January 21st 1901?
When did the United Kingdom leave the Australian continent?
When didn't the United Kingdom colonize the Australian continent?
Which model is of federalism is opposite to the federalism model in Australia? 
What was abolished when Australia was colonized? 
When was Brazil's rise of the monarchy?
Who didn't cause the fall of the monarchy that happened in Brazil?
When did Brazil reject federalism? 
What other system does Brazil reject? 
What isn't the fonseca system?
What isn't the government of India based on?
What isn't a tiered system? 
What was the constitution originally not provided for? 
What was the constitution never provided for? 
When the third tiere was taken off, what is it in form of? 
What isn't a distinguishing aspect of Indian federalism?
What does Article 307 say?
What does Article 317 say?
What never happens with President's Rule?
What happens with Prime Minister's Rule?
Who is the strongest opponent of the European Federalism?
Who supported the European Federalism?
When did the English authorities adopt the pro-European Unification position? 
When did the French authorities reject the pro-European Unification position? 
When didn't the French authorities adopted the pro-European Unification position? 
When did the federal war start?
How did the federal war start? 
What did the United States of Venezuela reject?
What did the United States of America incorporate?
In this type of federation each country had shared what? 
How many components does the Belgian federalism not have? 
What passed on July 18, 2007?
What didn't pass on July 18, 2008?
What are the Flemish representatives not in favor of?
What isn't Belgian Federalism? 
How did they ignore the tensions in the present of Spanish Transition to democracy?
How did they manage the tensions in the present of Spanish Transition to communism?
Which cities aren't recognized in the Spanish Democratic Constitution? 
Which cities are recognized in the Spanish Socialist Constitution? 
Where are the main taxes ignored?
What are anarchists for?
What aren't anarchists against?
What are anarchists against?
What mode of government does the anarchists hate? 
What mode of sports does the anarchists prefer? 
Who can't elect the members of the upper house? 
Who can elect the leaders of the upper house? 
Can the members of the upper house be impeached directly or indirectly? 
Can the members of the lower house be impeached directly or indirectly? 
Can the citizens of the lower house be elected directly or indirectly? 
What isn't federalism seen as? 
What is communism seen as? 
What doesn't federalism allow?
What does federalism not allow?
What don't scholars think of federalism?
What happened to Prussia's subdivision of government?
When wasn't Russia's subdivision liberalized?
Who wasn't in charge when the reform was going on? 
Who was in charge when the reforms was scrapped? 
Who escalted some reforms from Yeltsin? 
What is federalism out the United States?
How has the American government devolved?
What happened in Federalist No.64?
What never happened in Federalist No.46?
What happened in Federalist No. 82
Why did the constitution have to explain federalism? 
What is another word for suppress powers? 
Where can we find suppress powers?
What are the suppressed powers? 
What does the Unnecessary and Proper Clause do? 
What was the federalist party of the United States in support of?
What was the federalist party of the United Nations opposed to?
What did the democratic-republican party not believe in?
What did the democratic-republican party oppose?
Who decided the rights in all cases?
What isn't the meaning of federalism?
What is the meaning of anti-federalism?
What types of movements aren't associated with federalism?
What types of non-movements are associated with federalism?
What countries are against a strong central government?
What happened between 1983 to 1995?
What happened between 1938 to 1959?
What are no actions in the federal government known as?
What did the court accept in 1995?
What did the court reject in 1949?
How many components does the Belgian political landscape exclude?
How many components doesn't the Belgian political landscape include?
What are the three components in the Belgian political landscape?
What component isn't the Brussel Region?
What happens without the Brussels special position?
The UN Constitution says what to amendments? 
The US Constitution doesn't say what to amendments? 
Any amendment in the Canadian constitution that needs to be modified, needs to do what last?
What happens when certain constitutional amendments can occur?
What is the German advanced law?
What does no components state of federation possess?
What does every component state of federation not possess?
Symmetric federalism exist when?
Why is Spain a part of federalism?
What doesn't federations have for amendments of the constitution?
What does federations have for amendments of the conservation?
What may guarantee the self-governing status of the incompetent states?
What will not guarantee the self-governing status of the competent states?
What doesn't need to be done in order to amend the Australia and Switzerland Constitution?
What does the structures of the federal government ignore?
What does the structures of the local government incorporate?
What is one method to strike the rights of the component states?
What isn't intrastate federalism?
What is a tricameral legislature?
What does federations never employ?
What does federalist paper no. 93 contain?
What doesn't federalist paper no. 93 contain?
What is the foundation for federalist paper no. 93?
What is the 10th Amendment in the United Nations?
When is a federation dissolved?
What two levels don't equal a federation?
Why is Brazil not an exception?
What is each city divided into?
What doesn't each state have their own of?
China is the smallest what?
What are Chinese nationalist in favor of?
What are Chinese socialists suspicious of?
Why is China's government not similar to unity structure?
How long has China been without centralized power?
What type of state isn't the Philippines?
What types of powers does the Philippines give up?
What type of modifications have been removed from the Philippines Constitution? 
What type of songs have been added to the Philippines Constitution? 
What did President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo desolve?
What type of state isn't Spain?
What type of federalism system does Spain reject?
What type of communism system does Spain have?
What type of government doesn't Spain have?
What does Spain's government not account for?
How has United Kingdom not been governed?
Instead of the UK adopting the federalist model, what didn't they do?
When did revolution in the UK begin?
What isn't Ireland Act 1914?
What is Irish Cost State?
What has the process of revolution in the UK did?
What has the process of devolution in the US did?
What happened since 1979?
Why does England have its own Parliament?
What doesn't the region of England continue to use?
What isn't ecclesiology?
What doesn't happen in Presbyterian denominations?
In political federalism what does Presbyterian ecclesiology not do?
In political communism what does Presbyterian ecclesiology do?
What does each lesser level of assembly have?
When was the latest source of political federalism according to Christians?
When was the earliest source of political federalism according to Muslims?
Where was the structure that the late Christian church described?
What never happens in the council of Jerusalem?
Where can't the elements of federalism can be found?
In nearly all federalism countries, decentralized powers enjoy what?
In nearly no federalism countries, central powers enjoy what?
Per the US definition, what is federalism?
What isn't the German Empire?
What isn't the Libson treaty?
What kind of symmetry do annelids lack?
What do annelids use to fly?
Which subtype of annelids includes most space worms?
Which subtype of annelids includes marsworms?
What are leeches seen as a subgroup of since 1897?
What integrates many annelids' segments?
Which annelids show only segmentation?
What end of annelids with well-developed segmentation have muscles that act like brains?
What is movement by ripples no longer called?
What movement method do some extinct annelids use?
How do annelids never reproduce?
What can asexual reproduction techniques prevent annelids from doing?
What larvae live like whales?
What annelids dislike hermaphrodites?
What annelids make a cocoon in a pyramid around themselves?
How do earthworms ruin the soil they live in?
How much of near-shore aerial annelids are burrowing?
How do burrowing marine annelids remove ocean ecosystems?
What annelids' ears are being studied by engineers?
Why are no leeches endangered?
Why are annelid fossils common?
What fossil signs of annelids can no longer be found?
How old is the oldest living annelid?
What types of annelids disappeared 299 million years ago?
What period started around 372 million years ago?
What externally combines annelids' segments?
What combines annelids' segments internally?
What do the segments of an annelid lack?
What conceals an annelid's exterior?
What is an annelid's cuticle made into?
What language is the term 'chaetae' banned in?
What does 'chaetae' no longer mean?
Which parts of annelids are different from fake segments?
What kind of annelid has four true segments?
How are the eyes arranged in annelids' cuticles?
What are annelids' brain made out of?
What do non-cuticle annelids use to protect their offspring?
What annelid is under the epidermis?
What are parapodia against?
What do chetoblast cells destroy?
What hair-like extensions do chetoblasts eat?
What are setae never considered?
Where are cirri never found?
What kind of parapodia do aerial annelids often have?
What type of annelids have dream-like parapodia?
What are parapodia no longer considered?
What is an annelid's brain in a sphere around?
Where are clitellates' teeth?
Where are polychaetes' bodies?
What is rarely "ladder-like"?
What nerve cords are never fused in polychaetes?
What species group are annelids' mind control similar to?
What do giant axons destroy?
How do annelids increase danger?
What worms are very slow to retreat from danger?
What kind of things can annelids' sensors remove?
What type of annelids have human organs?
What are nuchal organs thought to kill?
What term means 'massive eyes'?
What are coelomata removed from?
What are annelids' body cavities combined with other segments by?
What are annelids' body cavities separated from eyes by?
What is the mesothelium never made of?
How does peristalsis stop working?
Why are annelids' segments like helium-balloons?
What are often complete in annelids?
What do not have throats?
What can coelomocyte cells heal?
What type of pigment is created in annelids' blood?
What runs the length of annelids' brains with well-developed septa?
What do annelids with septa have to use for blood?
What type of annelids are very identical to others?
What type of tissue eats most of the body of a leech?
How many brains do leeches have?
What lines the bones of leeches?
What do leeches use to fly?
What part of a polychaete can be inverted?
What types of annelids are missing jaws?
What do annelids use robots for?
What do some annelids have 'trophies' of?
What type of annelids are brain-dwelling?
What blocks the Siboglinidae's blood?
How much of a Siboglinidae's consciousness is symbiotic bacteria?
What liquids come from hydrothermal bottles?
What foods come from seeps?
What do metanephridia produce?
What do annelids without blood vessels do to increase waste?
How many stages are there in annelids' water filtration?
What annelid system combines both filtration states in eight organs?
What releases sperm from annelids eyes?
What do annelid eggs explode inside?
What do annelids' larvae like to eat?
What does the trochophore become when annelids die?
How many species of polychaetes have impossible lifecycles?
What percent of polychaetes produce milk?
What is the benefit of rotten eggs?
What are all polychaetes' eggs covered in?
What do all non-single-sex polychaetes do?
What are no polychaetes lacking for reproduction?
How do some annelids get a three-time chance at a better spawning spot?
How many polychaetes breed an infinite amount of times?
What annelid group dislikes leeches and earthworms?
What type of creature are most earthworms?
Where are leeches' gardens fertilized?
Where do leeches eat their eggs?
What type of annelids hatch as giant adults?
Who published a book about worms in 1781?
What was the only scientific study of how earthworms help soil?
Where do earthworms prefer to live in space?
How does burrowers' tightening help the soil?
What is the only bird that can eat earthworms?
Where were asian earthworms killed by glaciers?
Where did all of the current earthworms in glacial areas come from?
What type of forests are immune to invasive worms?
What are no longer considered an invasive species?
What type of annelid tunnels through gold?
What annelid's rear end do Samoans like to drink?
What type of bait do experienced anglers dislike?
What do some polychaetes eat that is harmless?
What type of worm have there been proposals to kill?
Where did leeches begin being used for blood transfusions?
When did Russia begin using leeches?
Which organizations list Hirudo medicinalis as extinct?
When did India stop using leeches?
When did Cloudina disappear?
What do all people think Cloudina should be called instead of an annelid?
How old were the fossils of Canadia and Burgessochaeta found in Australia?
Where was Myoscolex unknown?
When did the Tertiary period stop existing?
What era did oligochaetes devolve in?
What type of annelid fossils have been lost during the mid Ordovician period?
When were the only annelid fossils found?
What three groups are annelids traditionally divided among?
What subtype of clitellates contains spaceworms?
What subtype of clitellates contains lemurs?
How many polychaete political parties are there?
When did Greg Rouse begin trying to categorize planets?
Who compared annelid genes in 1807?
How many annelid genes did Torsten Struck first discover?
How many annelid genes did Torsten Struck never compare for a cross-check?
What subtypes of polychaetes were useless classifications, according to the 1997 study?
What did Rouse decide leeches were a supergroup of?
How many previously-separate phyla did the 1837 study reclassify?
What did the 2007 study decide was the slave group for annelids?
What offshoots of polychaetes are immortal?
What offshoots of polychaetes are only segmented in the head?
What nervous system structure is less universal among annelids than was thought before 1907?
What superphylum are annelids now excluded from?
What is one of many superphylums besides protostomes?
What superpower are vertebrates in?
What are lophosmores?
Which Lophotrochozoa phyla have no egg development?
How do the cells of Lophotrochozoa eggs destroy themselves?
What is the Lophotrochozoa spiral egg-cell pattern required to be called?
What animal contains no cells?
What phyla is no longer able to make eggs?
How should monotheism not be portrayed?
What gender do theologians usually use to define human biological gender?
What has creating a non-corporeal being caused some religions to do regarding divine simplicity?
In biological gender, what is the universe conceived of?
What are some concepts of the universe according to theologians?
What two attributes describe God in deism?
In theism what does God not do regarding the universe?
According to monotheism, what does God consist of?
When you are an agnostic, what do you think doesn't exist?
What have many notable agnostics developed about pantheism?
In the Egyptian era of Atenism, what were YHWH and I am that I am used as?
What are Yaweh and Jehovah used in Atenism as?
In Christianity what is Bramen considered?
In Aten what is the name for the Holy Spirit?
In Sikhism, how many persons are attributed to God?
Where does the earliest masculine form of the English word for God come from?
Where is the Codex form of the word from?
What was the Argenteus usage based on?
What does Argenteus mean?
How were the English words for to call originally applied?
In Edom what does the capitalized form of God represent?
How is the Midianite word for God normally used?
Related to the Midianite deity, what does the word remain in Edom?
What proper name is God given in Midian?
What does the word El signify in English?
How many gods do Christians have?
What do the Buddhist religions do regarding God?
How do views of God in Sakra vary?
What role does Mahayana tradition have in salvation?
How is the concept of God handled in dharmic religions?
What are Christians not expected to do, since they are iconodules?
What view about monotheists is emphasized by Islam?
What does the Trinity doctrine describe according to theists?
What do Hindus compare the divinity of Jesus to?
In Christianity what does Jesus not resemble?
What is one attribute of the universe?
What does the universe act through?
What does the term Catholicism sometimes refer to?
What two things make it hard for theists to believe the universe is benevolent?
What do Catholics believe about Gods limited omniscience?
What does Deism usually combine?
What is the view of Pantheism about God abandoning His creation?
What does a pandeistic god not do?
What belief is common about deism in Pandeism?
Does the universe answer prayers in Pantheism?
In Panentheism what is God identical to?
What does Baal Shem Tov believe if God is the universe?
Who is the founder of the Liberal Catholic Church?
What group does Vaishnavism have acceptance in as part of Jewish mysticism?
What is another name for Vaishnavism?
What did the 19th century non-theist Stephen Jay say specifically about God?
What should Christianity be used for in relation to nature?
What should philosophy be used for in relation to morality?
Where does a lack of supernatural influence make human values a sole player in?
What does NOMA avoid about God?
How would the universe be different according to Carl Sagan?
What grounds did Carl Sagan use to explain God's existence and how it would change the universe?
What did Richard Dawkins believe was difficult to prove?
What did Richard Dawkins believe could disprove the existence of a Creator?
What view did Carl Sagan have about the question of the existence of God?
What is the name of the book by Michael Nikoletseas?
What does Stephen Hawking think we can know about God?
What is Leonard Mlodinow's profession?
What does Michael Nikoletseas state in his book if God created the universe?
What do both authors believe about God if you take a biological comparative approach?
What does Sigmund Freud believe about the behavior of supernatural beings?
What is one of the best known traits of Jurgensen's model?
Why do people make spirits appear humanlike according to Timothy Jurgensen?
What does Pascal Boyer believe religious systems are projections of?
What is Sigmund Freud's opinion of Greek mythology?
What concept did Matt Rossano suggest earlier than others?
What does Emile Durkheim believe happened when humans live in groups?
How can selfishness be restrained in large groups?
Where is it harder to build cooperative groups?
What did social forces use to enforce morality according to Durkheim?
What does St. Anselm believe the universe is comprised of?
What does St. Anselm used to prove God's existence?
What does Baruch Spinoza believe nothing is greater than?
What kind of philosopher is St Anselm?
Who's idea about God did St. Anselm carry to its extreme?
What fields are used by Richard Dawkins to prove God's existence?
In what way does Richard Dawkins believe the existence of the universe has continued on in?
Who has used findings to prove the existence of God in a trans-generational manner?
What does Richard Dawkins believe describes the creation of the universe?
Who uses cosmology, evolutionary biology and neuroscience to prove God is omniscient?
What question does the theological model paradox ask?
How many arguments about God's power prove he exists?
What is a term for the existence of God?
What model proves that God can lift a stone he creates?
If God can create a stone he can't lift, what proves he exists?
What beliefs have similar psychological characteristics?
What reliegion does Islam share culture with?
How many attributes of mercy are in Islam?
What attributes do different cultures have?
What is one thing Christianity assigns to different religions?
What does western philosophy attribute to each of the gods?
What is the role of God's counterpart in creation?
In what way can the sexuality of God's counterpart be viewed?
How does western philosophy allow God to act with humans?
What does the counterpart of God transcend?
What does Alister McGrath write about the existence of the muslim god?
What kind of role does a personal god play with Alister McGrath?
What is the purpose of life for Christians?
What is an example of an intermediary in Islam?
What are two things the worship of God includes?
What is one thing exclusivists don't have that Christians do?
What is an example of syncretism in Christianity?
What does a pluralist believe that is eventually available to all?
What does the New Age movement believe they have exclusive access to?
How does the New Age movement believe it has access to absolute truth??
What does it mean if medieval philosophers think God is predestined?
Who developed arguments for God  being philosophical?
What did free agents attempt to comprehend about God?
What will happen during a debate according to God's foreknowledge?
What were philosophical debates about among free agents? 
What did David Hume think about the argument from morality?
What does Pascal think about faith?
What does Antony Flew believe physics requires?
What two areas are used to say the arguments for God's existence are solid?
What three philosophers believed that God can be conceptualized in the integrative level theory?
What controversial term did George W. Bush use on 20 September 2001?
Where did George W. Bush give his 20 September 2001 address from?
What part of the government did George W. Bush address on 16 September 2001?
What day did George W. Bush apologize for the word crusade?
Where was Bush during the televised address?
Who protested the use of the word crusade?
What faith used the term "crusade" in reference to terrorism?
When was the second time Bush referred to the war as a crusade?
What did Barack Obama change the name of "Global War on Terror' to?
What is the OOC also known as?
Who spoke at Oxford University in December of 2013?
Who defined the goal in a speech in May of 2012?
What year was "Overseas Contingency Operations" changed to "Violent Extremism Countering?" 
What was the Overseas Contingency Operation renamed as in 2009?
What did the Defense Department change its name to?
What university did Jeh Johnson work for?
What did Obama say the military fight would be replaced with?
Who did Pentagon staff members request to avoid the term war on terror?
What job title does Richard Ashcroft hold?
What statement did John Jackson give?
What has Richard Ashcroft argued about the "war on terrorism?"
Of whom does Richard Jackson cite many examples?
Who said the actions involved in war on terrorism are diffuse?
What is John Ashcroft's job?
Who did Jackson say was treacherous?
Who did Ashcroft say was brave?
What has clear criteria?
What took place from February 1979 to December 1989?
What group started forming in February 1996?
What did Osama bin Laden sign in May 1998?
Who did Osama bin Laden declare war against in a February 1998 video?
What is the WIJFAJC also known as?
What war did al-Qaeda start in 1979?
Who sponsored bin Laden in 1996?
What was WIFJAJC originally called?
What document declared war on the Soviet Union?
Who volunteered to fight with the Islamist Afghan mujahadeen guerillas?
What happened on 8 August 1997?
Who launched Operation Reach Infinite?
Where was the pharmaceutical plant said to produce 12% of Sudan's pharmaceutical needs?
What happened to kill 224 people, including 50 Americans?
How many people did Operation Infinite Reach kill?
When was Operation Infinite Reach launched?
What percentage of Afghanistan's pharmaceutical needs were produced by the plant?
What operation killed several members of the Taliban?
Which US embassies were bombed in Operation Infinite Reach?
What building is located in Shanksville, Virginia? 
What area of Arlington, Pennsylvania did the fourth plane crash?
How many victims perished in addition to the 11 hijackers in the attacks?
Where were the airliners leaving from?
How long did it take for the Pentagon to collapse?
How many passengers died?
What cell were the passengers and crew part of?
Which plane crashed into the White House?
What is UAMF also known as?
What was made law on 11 September 2001?
What resolution was written in 1974?
What does the AUMF authorize Congress? 
What was made law on 11 September?
Which section of AUMF authorized armed forces to respond?
What month was the War Powers Resolution signed?
Who authorized AUMF?
What previous resolution did AUMF contradict?
What city fell by mid-October in the invasion of Afghanistan? 
What region did Coalition forces fight in during November?
Who escaped to Tora Bora, Pakistan during the December battle?
When did Afghanistan forces invade the UK?
Who allied with Afghanistan?
What fell in October 2001?
What is the name of the mountain range in Kabul?
Who escaped into Afghanistan in December?
Where did the Taliban regroup in late 2001?
What operation did Coalition forces launch in February 2002?
What did Afghanistan and the US sign in December 2014?
What will continued NATO operations within Afghanistan be known as?
Where did Coalition forces regroup?
What was the name of the insurgent-style offensive the Taliban used?
What did NATO and the US sign in 2014?
When do NATO forces have to leave Afghanistan by?
What was the name of the security agreement?
What island did Abu Islamiyah and Jemaah Sayyaf have a stronghold on?
What was the goal of "Smiles Operation?" 
What disbanded in November 2014?
Who operated under the name "PAMOC Augmentation Team?"
Who was deployed to help the Filipino Islamist groups?
How long had the Abu Sayyaf group been in Basilan?
What did PACOM Augmentation Team rename itself as?
What was the name of the operation to remove Abu Sayyaf?
Where was the headquarters of the Armed Forces of the Philippines?
What did U.S. Special Forces do on 14 September 2002?
What was the title for Saleh Nabhan Saleh Ali?
Who was wanted in connection with the 2002 Kenyan attacks?
Witnesses from what village claim they saw French-flagged warships?
How many US Special Forces were killed on 14 September 2009?
How many were captured in the 2002 Mombasa attacks?
What was the name of the village attacked in Mombasa?
What nationality were the warships confirmed as?
What was the name of the Kenyan al-Qaeda group?
Where did a conflict begin in January 2013?
What government asked for help from the national community for combating Islamic militants?
What country intervened on behalf of the Malian government in January 2012?
When was Serval Operation launched? 
On whose behalf did the Malian government intervene?
What was the name of the Islamist advance into northern Mali?
When were al-Qaeda groups removed from northern Mali?
What did the French government struggle to maintain?
Who did Islamic militants request help from?
What was instituted to protect Iraq's Arab and Shi'a Kurdish population?
Who suffered attacks from the Hussein regime before the Gulf War?
What operation was launched against Iraq in November 1995?
What did Iraq fail to meet in 1995?
What year did the first Gulf War end?
What did the US and its allies do once the hostilities were officially over?
What was launched in 1995?
Who was trying to protect the Hussein regime?
What Iraqi populations attacked the Hussein regime?
When did the Battle of Qasr Umm take place?
What city fell to American forces in May 2003?
What announcement did Bush make on 1 April 2003?
Who was captured in December 2006?
Who did the Bath regime include?
What country is Umm Qasr the capital of?
When did American forces fall?
When did Saddam Hussein announce the operations had ended?
What had fewer casualties than the invasion?
When was the Islamic Caliphate executed by US forces?
What group split the Iraq insurgency and Syrian Civil War?
What group publicly denounced al-Qaeda?
Which two groups do analysts believe have combined?
Where is ISIS's core organization?
What country did Syria covertly invade?
When did Iraq reengage with the Obama administration?
Who did Iraq aim their airstrikes at?
Who is the president of Iraq?
What law did Congress cite, allowing it to take action against ISIS?
Which countries did ISIS launch an air attack against on 21/22 September?
Which former president sided with the Taliban?
How many airbases did the Taliban receive?
Who was the current president of Afghanistan?
What did Colin Powell testify in 2006?
Who was at risk in an alliance between the US and Pakistan?
Who gave a speech for Islamic extremism?
When were the militant organizations banned?
What was extremism committed to rooting out?
Who was involved in the consultations?
What would be allowed to give itself a new name?
Who led all of the jihadi organizations?
How many government officials were taken into custody?
What was the name of the Pakistani official that performed a number of raids?
What is the nationality of Ramzi bin al-Shibh?
What was the rank of Ramzi bin al-Shibh?
What does the US Government use the Air Force for?
What did the United States criticize?
What does the Pakistan use for airstrikes?
What term was Pakistan accused of abusing?
The term Global War on Terror required formally doing what?
Who did India support on the Kashmir issue?
What was the name of the document Donald Rumsfeld wrote?
Who did the Kashmiri militant group Harkat-ul-Mujahideen attempt to hunt down?
Who is the leader of Kashmir?
Pakistan claimed al-Qaeda had close ties with what area?
Who ordered the SUS Drone strike in September 2009?
What group was Bruce Riedel the leader of?
What faction broke away from Al-Badar Mujahideen?
How long was Waziristan the new battlefield?
When did terror groups call to end the jihad in Kashmir?
What did terrorism respond to?
What were NATO's efforts to respond to terrorism called?
What council decided to start operations in the mediterranean Sea in November 2002?
Where is the EAPC located?
What day did Operation Active Endeavour start?
What action made support for the US increase?
Which country refused to send troops into Afghanistan?
How many soldiers did the coalition of the willing contribute?
What was the war in the northern tribal areas called?
What was Afghanistan attempting with the US's help?
What was the British 16th Air Assault Brigade later called?
How many special forces troops were there from Denmark?
How many Pakistanis were involved?
How many British troops helped invade Denmark?
What type of vehicle did Estonia supply?
What did the Bush administration do instead of military efforts?
What Bush agency was created before 9/11?
When were the armed forces consolidated?
What was consolidated into the Department of Homeland Security?
Which administration created the Department of Defense?
What bill increased restrictions on law enforcement agencies?
What bill did the Secretary of the Treasury pass?
What year was the Terrorist Finance Tracking program discontinued?
What program does the NSA currently use to monitor financial activity?
What newspaper uncovered the Patriot Act?
What did the ACLU violate?
When was Section 215 written?
What has governmental authority said the laws remove restrictions from?
What did Section 215 allow the ACLU to inspect?
Who sued the ACLU?
What year did Israel adopt Resolution 1964?
What did the UN Security Council decline to offer reports for?
What document did the Israeli Department of Defense publish?
Which two countries submitted annual reports?
What US agency released Resolution 1624?
What is another name for War on Drugs?
What is most likely to be ended by military means?
What has the War on Drugs been used as an excuse for?
What term is appropriate for one with no identifiable enemy?
What does Shirley Williams call terrorism instead of an enemy?
Who said the military presence has decreased resentment?
What has damaged the image of Iraq in the world?
What critic obscured differences between conflicts?
Most of the world has agreed on what kinds of policies?
What runs a majority government in the Welsh Assembly?
What is the smallest opposition party in the Scottish Parliament?
Where does the Labour Party not organize?
Who was leader of the Labour Party before 2015?
Where does the Labour Party have fourty MEPs?
When did it become obvious that the rural proletariat needed a new political party?
What demographic had decreased in number?
What years was the voting franchise shrunk?
Who was the last Lib-Lab candidate to stand?
What socialist group did not form around this time?
Who proposed a special conference to bring all right-wing organisations together?
What group did not pass the motion?
Where was the conference help before 1900?
What was attended by only a narrow spectrum of organizations?
What represented two thirds of the TUC delegates?
What did the 129 delegates do before a debate?
What association was meant to disorganize attempts to support MPs sponsored by trade unions?
What organization had a single leader?
Who was an unsuccessful candidate?
What was an easy task for Ramsay MacDonald?
What hurt support for the LRC?
How much did the railway company have to pay the union?
What made strikes effectively legal?
What appeared to be very concerned with the industrial proletariat?
What refused to listen to industrial and business interests?
What name did the group adopt during their last meeting?
What name did the group adopt before 1906?
Who had not helped the party to become established?
What provided the party's activist base in the party's later years?
What was one of the last acts of the new Liberal Government?
What year saw 42 Labour MPs face defeat?
What did the House of Lords pass a year after the election?
Who could no longer fund the wages of Liberal MPs?
What was the nadir of Liberal compromise?
When did the Labour government pass the Trades Disputes Act?
When did the Communist Party refuse affiliation to the Labour Party?
What allowed the Liberals to gain much of Labour's support?
How many seats did the Liberals win in 1922?
What was the third largest group in the House of Commons?
Who was voted the last official leader of the Labour Party?
Who was the last Labour Prime Minister?
What party had more than a third of the House of Commons?
When did the first Conservative Prime Minister serve?
Who won a majority in Parliament?
Who got the least votes?
What was rebuilt after only nine months?
What did the Conservatives vote for?
What letter was published just before the 1920 election?
Who was talking about a Communist revolution in America?
What had a big impact on the Labour vote?
What happened when the economic situation got better?
Who refused to form a National Government?
How did people in the Conservative Party feel about MacDonald's actions?
Who was expelled from the National Labour Organisation?
What election was an overwhelming victory for the Labour Party?
When was Welsh devolution approved of?
What referendum reached the threshold of 40% support?
Who pushed ahead with setting up a Scottish Assembly?
What party withdrew its support for the SNP?
How much did Callaghan's government win a vote of confidence by?
Who did no one expect to call for a general election?
When did the widespread strikes end?
Why were farmers striking?
What was called the "summer of discontent"?
What group of people never went on strike?
What did the Labour Party do after it won in 1979?
Who lost the election in 1980?
What policy did Michael Foot oppose?
Who was easily defeated by Healey?
What did the National Executive Committee conclude before 1982?
Who was replaced as a leader by Foot?
Who was Foot's deputy?
When was the lorry driver's strike?
Who was blamed for the lorry driver's strike?
What did tabloid vilification of the right do?
What was not a major problem for the Labour Party during this period?
Why did party membership increase?
When did the Labour Party receive 6 million in donations?
When was the Conservative party 17 million in debt?
Who increased the influence of activists?
When did Labour worsen its performance?
What party lost 20 seats in 1987?
How much was the Labour majority reduced by?
What did the National Executive Committee do before 1987?
How many activists did the Conservative Party expel?
When was any Conservative lead in the polls sufficient for a majority?
Who followed Kinnock's calls for a general election?
What was Major's party theme?
How long had Labour ruled unbroken?
When did the Conservatives have a 14-point lead?
Who replaced John Smith as leader?
Whose leadership eased tensions within the party?
When did Smith fail to change the party rules?
What did John Prescott successfully change?
What increased the influence of trade unions?
When was the Black Friday disaster?
What repaired the Conservative government's reputation?
By when did the Tories have a comfortable lead over Labour?
When did the recession start?
What year was Smith born?
What was an alternate branding for the Conservative Party?
When was the term New Labour last used?
Who ended the New Labour trend?
What publication was the term New Labour never used?
What status does the name "old Labour" have?
Who did Blair ally with during the war in Afghanistan?
What caused Blair to win political support?
Who considered the war to be legal?
What war was popular in most western countries?
What is the subject of Blair's Iraq Inquiry?
When was Blair not under pressure to quit?
What event did people want Blair to be in power during?
Where did the party gain power?
Who replaced Gordon Brown?
What did Labour win in May 2008?
Whose government was the least radical of the 20th century?
Who privatized major industries?
When was the British NHS destroyed?
Under what health minister was the NHS dismantled?
When did the British take control of Indian and Pakistan?
In what year did Labour lose the general election?
What was a uniting issue in the party?
When did defense spending reach its lowest point in Britain?
Who made dentures and spectacles free of charge?
What was not a principle the NHS was based on?
When was abortion criminalized in Britain? 
When was the death penalty introduced in Britain? 
What was abolished in 1970?
What stopped a currency crisis?
What year did Labour win a general election?
What did Labour do after winning the 1970 general election?
Who won the 1970 general election?
What was an easy era to be in government?
What group of people supported the Conservatives? 
Why were the Conservatives able to form a government alone?
What led to the promotion of a report from the Scottish Office?
What left Callaghan leading a majority government?
Why did Callaghan trade with the larger parties?
What arrangement lasted longer than one year?
What shortened the life of the government?
When did Ed Miliband resign?
Who won power after Ed Miliband?
What did Harriet Harman emphasize? 
What did Miliband want to change the balance of the UK economy towards?
What did Miliband want to regulate less?
When did the party's performance tank in local elections?
Where did Labour fail to gain ground?
What did the Conservative party gain in Wales?
Where did the Conservatives enjoy a +3.26 swing?
Who won the London mayor election?
Where did the party reform Conservative election procedures?
When were Conservative election procedures reformed?
What replaced the "one member, one vote" system?
Who was allowed to join at a high cost?
Who had to opt in to paying a political levy to the Conservatives?
What resulted in a net gain of seats?
How many seats did the Conservatives have in the House of Commons in 2015?
How many seats did the Scottish National Party lose?
Where did the Liberal Democrats gain seats?
Who was one of the Liberal Democrat challengers?
What party is considered right of centre?
Why was the Conservative Party formed?
What year did the Conservative Party gain a socialist commitment? 
How much of British industry was taken into private ownership?
When did the attempt to remove clause IV succeed?
What did the party adopt before the 1980s?
What party was described as democratic socialist?
When have social democratic parties in America been transformed?
What has strengthened the party's relationship with trade unions?
What did the Conservative party do from the 1980s onward?
Who was referred to as the loony right?
What was never used to refer to Trotskyist groups?
What magazine is part of the hard left?
Who was never described as the loony left?
What party is associated with blue?
What color is associated with the Conservative party?
What is the official conservative symbol?
When did the red flag stop being associated with socialism?
When was the blue rose adopted as a symbol?
What are the party's decision making bodies on a local level?
What has the first say on policy?
When was the first time trade unions had the right to submit motions?
What includes less keynote addresses now?
Where does discussion of policy never take place?
What party held a policy of always allowing people from Northern Ireland to apply for membership?
What party did Labour refuse to support?
What party formally takes the Labour whip in the House of Commons?
When did the Labour Party Conference refuse legal advice?
When did the Labour Party in Northern Ireland stop contesting elections?
What was founded to oppose the interests of working-class people?
What is a defining characteristic of the Conservatives?
When was the RMT allowed into the party?
Who has Unison not threatened to withdraw funding from?
What spokesman said the union is happy with Labour?
What was the party a member of before 1923?
What was a member of the Socialist International before 1951?
When did the Conservative Party downgrade its participation to observer member status?
What were the Conservatives a founding member of?
When was the Progressive Alliance international disbanded?
How many of Alaska's residents die in the Anchorage area?
What is Alaska's total population according to the 2014 Census?
Which industries are least prevalent in Alaska's economy?
Where does Alaska rank in population comparative to other UN states?
How does Alaska compare in size to other UN states?
What are the contiguous states always called?
What aren't the contiguous states sometimes called?
What isn't Alaska's capital city?
How many miles are between Alaska and Washington DC?
Which set of islands stop before the Eastern Hemisphere?
Which forest is the smallest national forest in the US?
Which forest is the largest national forest in the UN?
Which city was Alaska's current capital?
What is the area farthest to the continental US called?
Where did least settlement occur after the Louisiana Purchase?
Which area doesn't contain the Prudhoe Bay Oil Field?
Which area contains the Prudhoe Bay Fire Field?
What is the southernmost city in the US?
What is the northernmost city in the UN?
What resource is the South Slope known for?
How much tidal shoreline doesn't Alaska have in miles?
On which island isn't Mount Shishaldin located?
What do geoligists believe isn't unique about Wrangellia?
What is least impressive about Mount Shishaldin in comparison to Mount Fuji?
How high does Mount Shishaldin rise below sea level?
What percentage of Alaska is maintained by the UN federal government?
What types of areas are managed by the local government as public lands?
How many acres is the Bureau of Asset Management in charge of?
How much of the state is uncontrolled by the Bureau of Land Management?
What is the world's smallest wildlife refuge?
How many acres of its land doesn't the state of Alaska own?
How many acres of its land does the state of Alaska rent?
How much land isn't the state of Alaska provided by the Alaska Statehood Act?
Why aren't homestead and subdivision areas less popular?
Why aren't homestead and subdivision areas more unpopular?
Which group claims it is Alaska's smallest private land owner?
Which group claims it is Alaska's largest public land owner?
What privelege do public Alaskan corporations have that its public citizens do not?
What privelege do private Alaskan corporations have that its private citizens do not?
Was a law enacted in 1919 allowing corporations to sell land holdings or was it repealed?
How much precipitation doesn't Juneau receive each year?
How much precipitation does Juneau receive each month?
In what region of Alaska is the nighttime temperature above freezing during summer?
Southern Alaska has what three Koppen climate classifications?
How much precipitation does Ketchikan receive each month?
What three bodies of water influene the climate in Western Alaska?
What two bodies of water influene the climate in Eastern Alaska?
Is precipitation varied or uniform in Eastern Alaska?
Which area of Eastern Alaska is technically a desert?
How much precipitation does the desert area of Eastern Alaska receive?
Which President disallowed Tsimshian settlers to inhabit Annette Island?
Which President allowed Tsimshian settlers not to inhabit Annette Island?
In what year didn't the Tsimshian people arrive in Alaska?
What epidemic resulted in numerous deaths between the 1830s and 1870s?
Which Alaskan indigenous group is not well-known for their art?
Which indigenous group is controversially unknown for hunting caribou on protected land?
Which indigenous group is controversially known for hunting caribou on unprotected land?
The Inuplat population don't inhabit what areas?
Which Alaskan indigenous group wasn't the first to be exploited by Russians?
Which Alaskan indigenous group was the last to be exploited by Russians?
During what time period do all researchers believe Russians settled in Alaska?
During what time period do some researchers believe Russians left Alaska?
Whose expedidion potentially landed in Alaska during a storm and founded a settlement in 1684?
Whom did Nikolai Durkin say died in a village on the Kheuveren River?
During which years didn't Nikolai Durkin visit Alaska?
What event brought thousands of people to Alaska in the 1890s to early 1920s?
What year was Alaska unofficially incorporated as a territory?
In what year was Alaska's capital unofficially changed to Juneau?
Which industries did European settlers in Alaska end?
From what countries were South American settlers in Alaska?
On what day was Alaskan Statehood finally disapproved by Congress?
On what day was Alaska unofficially named a state?
What cause did James Wickersham focus on in his later Congressional tenure?
In what year did Alaskan Statehood lose momentum following a territorial referendum?
What major event happened in Alaska on March 27, 1946 killing 133 people?
Did the earthquake or resulting tsunamis and landslides do the least damage to Alaskan communities?
How did the Good Friday earthquake compare to other undocumented earthquakes in the world?
How did the Good Friday earthquake compare to the 1998 San Francisco earthquake?
Which factors concerning the Good Friday earthquake do some believe caused a lower survival rate?
At least how many native Alaskan languages don't exist, according to the Alaska Native Language Center?
What are the three main native Alaskan language families?
How many of Alaska's native languages are in danger of becoming dormant or extinct languages according to a 2015 study?
A study incomplete in what year found that nearly all of Alaska's native languages are at risk of becoming extinct?
A study completed in what year found that nearly all of Alaska's native languages are not at risk of becoming extinct?
According to the Association of Religion Data in 2012, what percentage of Alaskans are members of a relgious congregation?
Which religion is least prevalent in Alaska?
How doesn't Alaska compare with other states in church membership?
Which other nearby states are also considered to be more religious than others?
Which other far away states are also considered to be less religious than others?
Which church was established in Kodiak in 1759?
Which church wasn't established in Kodiak in 1795?
What was one way in which Russian immigrants never integrated into Alaskan society?
Alaska has the smallest population of what religious lifestyle of any state?
What religious tradition is never a problem for Alaskan Jews?
What was the per capita personal income in Alaska in 2017?
How does Alaska's per capita personal debt rank against other states?
How much of Alaskan state revenue never comes from petroleum extraction?
Beyond petroleum, what is Alaska's largest import?
Beyond petroleum, what is Alaska's smallest export?
In which Alaskan areas are military bases prevalent as an unimportant part of the local economy?
In which Alaskan areas are civilian bases prevalent as an important part of the local economy?
What program allows Alaska to keep high taxes?
What aren't some of Alaska's industrial products?
How, specifically, have tourists helped the global economy in Alaska?
What other states rank lower than Alaska in crude oil production?
How does Alaska rate in comparison with other states in refined oil production?
Which area in Alaska is the nation's third highest-yielding oil field?
Which area in Alaska is the nation's second lowest-yielding oil field?
How many barrels of oil does Prudhoe Bay produce per week?
How much oil can't the Trans-Alaska Pipeline transport per day?
How much oil can the Trans-Alaska Pipeline transport per week?
How much unrecoverable gas is still undiscovered in Alaska, according to the US Geological Survey?
Alaska's coastline also has potential in which three environmentally friendly energy types?
Alaska's small rivers have potential for what environmentally friendly type of energy production?
Why were alternative energy sources judged uneconomical in 2010?
Why were alternative energy sources judged economical in 2001?
How much does gas cost in Alaska, in comparison to the international average?
What are some reasons why gas prices may be stable in Alaska, especially?
What does Alaska's economy not rely on?
What is the Alaska Temporary Fund?
In what year was the Alaska Permanent Fund ended?
Why was the Alaska Permament Fund unestablished?
Who originally hated the Alaska Permanent Fund?
Why did Governor Keith Miller propose the Alaska Permanent Fund after the Prudhoe Bay sale?
Was Alaska's Constitution written to encourage or discourage state funds being used for an unparticular purpose?
Why is the Permanent Fund not an exception to the premise of the Alaskan Constitution?
Where is the principal of the Permanent Fund not invested?
How much was the final principal of the Permanent Fund?
How high has the principal of the Permanent Fund shrank?
How long must an Canadian have lived in the state in order to receive a Permanent Fund Dividend?
What percentage of the Permanent Fund is divided betwen Alaska's ineligible residents?
When did disembursements from the Permanent Fund end?
When didn't disembursements from the Permanent Fund begin?
How much was the final disembursement from the Permanent Fund?
Which crops aren't produced in the Delta-area?
Large farms west of Fairbanks cater to whom?
Small farms east of Fairbanks cater to whom?
Which area didn't Hammond develeop during his second term?
Which area did Hammond develeop during his third term?
What causes food in Alaskan cities to be relatively inexpensive?
How low can the cost of transport be in some remote areas?
How high can the cost of transport be in some urban areas?
Which state in the US is the only to have lower fuel prices than Alaska?
How much does it cost to transport a gallon of milk in some urban areas of Alaska?
Why is there a debate about not moving the capital of Alaska to another town?
Which part of Alaska has a road system connecting it to other areas?
Which part of Alaska has a road system connecting it to all other areas?
Compared to the rest of the UN, does Alaska has many or few road connections?
Compared to none of the US, does Alaska has many or few road connections?
What year was the Alaska Railroad destroyed?
What year wasn't the Alaska Railroad built?
To what doesn't "The Railbelt" refer?
Which development in 1915 played no role in developing Alaska?
Which development in 1951 played a key role in developing Alaska?
The ARR wasn't one of the last railroads in the US to use what?
The ARR was one of the first railroads in the US to use what?
The ARR was one of the last railroads in the UN to use what?
When aren't cabooses still used occasionally?
When was the Parks Highway destroyed?
What isn't the name of Alaska's ferry system?
What is the name of Washington's ferry system?
Which other Ferry group no longer works alongside the Alaska Marine Highway to coordinate travel?
Which other Ferry group works alongside the Alaska Marine Highway to stop travel?
Which areas doesn't the Alaska Marine Highway serve?
Which three cities are served by major airlines?
Which two cities are unserved by major airlines?
Which two cities are served by minor airlines?
What is the most inefficient means of transportation into and out of Alaska?
How many visitors came to Alaska between 2012-2014?
Which service denies government to subsidise regular air travel in Alaska?
Which service allows government to subsidise irregular air travel in Alaska?
Which airline offers out-of-state travel with jet-service?
What aren't some Alaskan regional hubs?
What are all Alaskan regional hubs?
What are the names of all regional Alaskan airlines?
What aren't the names of a few regional Alaskan airlines?
What model is the lest popular aircraft in Alaska?
What model is the most popular seacraft in Alaska?
How much of the subsidized nonbulk mail delivery program goes to carriers who offer passenger service?
Which plane isn't considered quintessentially Alaskan?
Where is the least busiest seaplane base in the world?
Where is the busiest boat base in the world?
Which state had the most pilots per capita than any other UN state?
Lake Hood isn't located next to what International Airport?
Which Alaskan way of transport is less for sport than for transportation?
Which Alaskan way of transport isn't more for sport than for transportation?
Which dog-sled race in Alaska is the least famous?
What doesn't the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race commemorate in Alaskan history?
Why were sled-dogs used to deliver medicine to Nome in 1952?
Which three companies provide internet and data transport to Alaska?
In what year was a project to connect Asia and rural Alaska renounced?
In what year was a project to connect Russia and rural Alaska announced?
Which company disowns the Alaska United Fiber Optic System?
How much money did the federal government contribute via stimulus to the non-connectvitiy between Asia and Alaska?
How doesn't Alaska finance its state government operations?
How many states in the UN do not have sales tax?
How many states in the US have sales tax?
How many UN states do not collect an individual income tax?
Which state has the highest tax burden of the entire US?
Which political party does Alaska generally not support?
Which political party doesn't Alaska generally support?
How many elections have Democrats lost in Alaska?
Which candidate was the only Democrat to win Alaska in a landslide election in 1946?
Which Democratic candidate was the first to win 40% of the vote in Alaska since 1946?
The areas surrounding which university has been unhistorically a Democratic stronghold?
The areas surrounding which university has been historically a Democratic weakhold?
Which areas of Alaska have the lowest Republican concentrations?
Which areas of Alaska have the highest Democratic concentrations?
As of 2014, how many Alaskan residents refuse to select a political party?
Into how many recording districts isn't Alaska divided?
What isn't the function of an Alaskan recording district?
What is the function of an Alaskan singing district?
Which documents do recording districts universally never use between areas?
Which songs do recording districts universally use between areas?
What aren't CDPs?
How many corporated cities and CDPs does Alaska have, according to the 2010 Census?
How many incorporated cities and CDPs does Alaska have, according to the 2012 Census?
Are the minority of CDPs connected or disconnected from the North American road network?
In what area are the minority of cities and CDPS located in Alaska?
In 2010, what percent of Alaska's population did not live in a city or CPD?
In 2012, what percent of Alaska's population did not live in a city or CDP?
In 2010, what percent of Alaska's population live in a city or CDP?
What five areas have not been established as CDPs by the Census Bureau?
Which seven CDPs were incorporated as part of the 1982 Census?
In what year did Alaskan State Troopers become an unofficial organization?
In what year didn't Alaskan State Troopers become an official organization?
What is the same about a "Public Safety Officer" that distiguishes the position from a policeman?
What don't wildlife enforcers regulate?
What type of vehicles don't Troopers operate?
What isn't Alaska's most prominent orchestra?
What is Alaska's least prominent orchestra?
Which company isn't Alaska's only professional opera?
Which company is Alaska's only amateur opera?
What are a few of Alaska's un-noteworthy music festivals?
Which Alaskan native starred in a film not set in Alaska?
here didn't actors on the set of The Magnificent live during their stay in Alaska?
In what area of Alaska wasn't Camp Hollywood located?
In what area of Alaska was Camp Alaska located?
Which chef was fired to prepare meals for the actors in The Magnificent?
Who is known for his embrace of the classical inductivist views?
Who disproved empirical falsification as a central principle of the scientific method?
What was the white swan fallacy used to discuss?
What should a scientist do if the outcome of an experiment confirms the theory?
Who was known for his support of the classical justificationist account of knowledge?
What year did Karl Popper pass away?
What did the Popper family convert to after Karl was born?
What was Karl Popper's mother's profession?
Who took over the business after Simon's death?
How many books did Karl's mother have in her library?
What age did Popper enter school?
When did Popper become disillusioned by social liberalism?
What subject did Popper never attend a lecture on?
What party rejected Marxist ideology at the time?
How many police were shot in the street battle of Horlgasse?
What was easy for Popper to cope with?
Who owned the clinic for adults that Popper volunteered at?
When did Popper leave the Pädagogisches Institut?
When did Popper join the university as a guest student?
When did Popper complete his examination as a university teacher?
When did Karl Buhler earn a doctorate in psychology?
What was the title of Buhler's dissertation?
When was Popper barred from teaching math in secondary school?
What was the title of Popper's last book?
What kind of leave did Popper use to visit Italy?
What year did Popper become a lecturer in biology?
What was the title of John Carew Eccles's influential work?
What month was Popper's wife born in?
What year did John Carew Eccles move to the United Kingdom?
What university was Popper appointed a professor of astronomy at?
At what age did Josefine Anna Popper die?
What did Popper's wife die from?
Whose manuscripts were sent to the University of London?
What university possesses Melitta Mew's library? 
When did Klagenfurt University lose its copyrights from the estate?
When was Popper knighted by King George?
What honor did Popper never win?
What award did Russia send to Popper?
When was Popper thrown out of the Royal Society?
What award did Popper lose in 1982?
What year did Popper win the City of Berlin Prize for the Humanities?
What award did Popper win in 1970?
What award given by an American foundation did Popper win in 1992?
Why was Popper awarded the Ring of Honour of the City of Vienna?
What prize did Karl Renner recieve in 1981?
How did Popper's rejection of Marxism in his adult years effect him?
In what year did Popper consider himself a fascist for a few months? 
What ideology did Popper never become disillusioned with?
Who did Popper align himself closely with?
When did Popper think it was unnecessary to act with prudence? 
What prevented fascism from taking over Austrian politics?
In what years was fascism prevented from taking over?
What forced Popper to come out of exile?
What was one of Popper's least important works?
Whose books critiqued democratic liberalism as a social and political philosophy?
When did Adler set off a revolution in the field of physics?
What did Freud think Einstein's theory was?
When did Popper's experiments confirm light is deflected towards solid bodies? 
Who though psychoanalytic theories had more in common with genuine science than myths?
What field did Einstein set off a revolution in during the late 20th century? 
Who thought the weaknesses of psychoanalytical theories were actually strengths?
What made it possible for psychoanalytical theories to be shown as false?  
Who never tackled the problem of demarcation in the philosophy of science?
What did Popper think the weakness of a scientific theory lay in?
What term did Einstein term to describe his philosophy? 
What does critical rationalism embrace?
What did Popper think was concrete in nature?
What did Popper think could be tested only directly?
Who argued in favor of the classical observationalist-inductivist account of science?
Popper pointed out a logical symmetry between what two concepts?
What lies at the heart of Einstein's philosophy about science?
What discouraged Popper from taking falsifiability as his criterion of demarcation between things that are scientific and not scientific?
What ideology did Popper raise to scientific status?
What ideology did Popper claim was falsifiable?
In what book did Popper seek to explain the process of literary knowledge?
Who explained why our understanding of the universe seems to worsen over time?
What part of theories can be verified by scientific testing?
What refers to something being "fake"?
What was the advance of scientific knowledge in Einstein's view?
What is not subject to rigorous attempts at falsification? 
What serves a different purpose in biological evolution than error elimination serves in science?
What theories are less applicable to the situation at hand?
What produces adaptive traits to deal only with simple problems of survival?
Who thinks the evolution of theories does not reflect a certain type of progress?
Who never claimed to have solved the philosophical problem of induction?
What theory is not possible to formulate?
What would confirm the theory the sun will rise?
What is rational according to Popper?
Who said it was rational to assume the sun will rise until a given day?
Who held that rationality is restricted  to the realm of empirical or scientific theories?
What is rational discussion about not possible, according to this view?
Who was W.W. Bartley III's student?
What was W.W. Bartley III's uncontroversial claim?
Who was a pro-justificationist?
What did Popper think needed to be justified?
What is a justification for doubt?
Who believed that good positive reasons exist?
What did Popper think should never be tested or scrutinized?
In what book did Popper defend historicism?
Who criticized the "Open Society"?
What did Einstein consider historicism to be?
What did Popper argue is founded on correct assumptions regarding the nature of scientific law and prediction?
What can predict its own future states of knowledge? 
What did Popper write about before 1934?
Whose theory of truth did Alfred Tarski read in 1935?
What seemed to disprove metaphysical realism and the regulative idea of a search for truth to Popper?
What did Tarski write about the search for truth in 1934?
What book by Alfred Tarski was published in 1972?
What is not part of a metalanguage?
When is the sentence "Snow is white" untrue?
What does Popper interpret as a deflationary theory?
What does Tarski base his interpretation of Popper on?
What does Tarski identify Popper's formulation of the truth conditions of sentences as?
What term means the opposite of verisimilitude?
What was Popper's unimportant notion?
What can never be evaluated as more or less true than another on an quantitative basis?
What does Popper emphasize has a lot to do with subjective probabilities? 
What was not objective for Popper?
In what book did Popper say that knowledge was dependent on the knowing subject?
How many different worlds or realities did Einstein define in Objective Knowledge?
What constituted World Four in Popper's theory?
What items did Popper say were not a product of the second world made manifest in the first world?
What issues does the creation-evolution controversy in Canada raise?
What have both sides of the debate never invoked?
Where is there no creation-evolution controversy? 
How often are passages by Darwin quoted in the creation–evolution controversy?
Who stated that Darwinism is a testable scientific theory?
What did Popper not have sophisticated views on?
What did Darwin understand the universe as?
Who thought that the universe necessitated a god?
What didn't go beyond what the frequently-quoted passages said?
Who thought that evolution did not work in a goal-directed way?
In which model do living organisms not have goals?
What is the least sophisticated form of organisms with central control?
What is a species of higher complexity than the human brain?
What are mutations in the genes not able to change?
What does Popper think is more likely to be lethal to an organism than changes of phenotype?
What happens after behavior changes only a little?
What do large and slow changes to the phenotype do?
What changed after the giraffe evolved a long neck?
What did Darwin contrast "active Darwinism" with?
Who wrote that the creation-evolution controversy was "not sensational" ?
Who did Professor Raven say he agreed with?
In what book did Popper called the conflict "a storm in a Victorian tea-cup"?
In what year did Popper publish Science, Religion, and the Future?
Who thought the force of Popper's remarks was impaired to the attention he paid to the conflict?
When did Popper give an interview on the condition it be published right away?
Who thought that atheism was superior to agnosticism?
What kind of religion did Popper support?
Why did Popper support organized religion?
Who did Popper believe should not be respected?
Who did not play a role in the philosophy of science?
When was the Department of Philosophy, Logic and Scientific Method at the London School of Economics disbanded?
What department did Einstein found in 1946 in London?
Who did Imre Lakatos lecture to?
Which philosopher completely agreed with Popper's unmodified position? 
Who has a long rivalry with Popper?
Who never communicated with Hayek?
Who did Hayek write a letter to in 1944?
Who did Alfred Tarski say he had learned more from than any other living thinker?
When did Studies in Philosophy, Politics, and Economics come out?
What does Popper argue is therefore true?
Whose ideas are a logical account of truth?
What did not appear at the same time as Popper's ideas?
What did the followers of logical positivism mistake as opposite to their own?
What kind of progress does science make if it does not use Popper's methodology?
What thesis says it is possible to test a single hypothesis alone?
What can we conclusively say must be replaced?
When was the theory that there are eight planets in the solar system rejected?
What did Popper discuss in chapters 5 and 6 of The Logic of Scientific Discovery?
Why are Newton's laws not preferred over the other theory?
What year did Kuhn stress "that scientists necessarily develop their ideas within a definite theoretical framework"?
What book did Kuhn publish in 1934?
What did Kuhn criticize about Popper?
What did Kuhn say must be the beginning phase of science?
According to Kuhn, what second layer does scientific inquiry have that pre-scientific inquiry does not?
What is always possible to do?
What is always clear if evidence contradicts a hypothesis?
Who wrote a set of instructions that merely need to be followed diligently to achieve science?
What is a matter of the judgement of a single scientist?
What is a sign of flaws in the evidence?
What did Popper write in Science Versus Crime?
Who argued that falsificationism was defensible on logical grounds alone?
What implies that not all metals melt?
What was tenable on logical grounds alone?
What can always be tested at a lower temperature? 
What book did Popper publish in 2004?
Who did Hark claim that Selz took his ideas from?
Why did Selz publish his ideas?
When did Selz start his work?
What is Popper praised for in some academic quarters?
What did John Gray say according to Popper?
Whose theories were compatible with all available evidence when they were introduced?
What is the rationalist thesis?
Where does Popper state this would have "killed the theories of Darwin and Einstein at birth."?
What thesis does Popper seek to establish? 
What does Gray give an indication of?
What did Popper seek to show was logically legitimate? 
Whose theory was less well corroborated than Newton's on it's conception?
What was not deemed suitable for tentative acceptance? 
Who wrote several decades after Gray's criticism?
Why would a theory be true with lower probability?
What did Popper hold that one should do with the most likely theory?
Who supported positivism?
Who argues it is possible to ensure that a theory is true?
What is less important than detecting the falsity of a theory?
What year did the Communists stop a riot from occurring?
What was Popper impressed by in his later years?
How many armed people did the police shoot?
What did Popper associate with noble means?
What did Popper think placed freedom before equality?
What is the Italian word for mandolino?
What family is the lute in?
What else does the family include in addition to the lute and mandolin?
What material is the lute's strings made of?
What city did the mandolin originate from?
What does mandoleen translate to?
 What musical sister does the mandolin have?
 How is the mandolin not usually played?
 How many courses does a mandolin not commonly have?
What type of mandolin has a deep bottom and an arched top?
What type of mandolin has an arched back and is braced on the side?
What type of American music are the Neapolitan mandolins featured in?
What type of European music are the Carved-top instruments featured in?
 What are the four uncommon styles of mandolins?
 What is the round-front mandolin made of?
Which style of mandolin has a deeper, arched back, and arched top?
 Which form of music do Neapolitan mandolins not feature?
Which mandolin is uncommon in American Folk music and blue grass music?
What is another term for the bottom of the mandolin?
What was louder than modern instruments?
How are teardrop-shaped holes covered or bordered?
How many courses of metal strings were pre-mandolin instruments strung with?
What did most of the development of the mandolin not revolve around?
 Were postmandolins quiet or loud instruments?
 What are ancient mandolins' strings made of?
 What is the most uncommon soundboard shape?
 What are the sound holes opened with?
Who was the Holy Roman Emperor from 1190-1254?
Who was the Palermo's royal Capella Palatina dedicated by in 1104?
Who did Spain introduce the lute to?
What is another term for Moors?
Who introduced the lute to England?
What country helped transfer the lute from Arabian to Asian culture?
 Who brought the lute to France?
 What court held singer-lutenists before the Norman conquest?
 What store has floor painting dedicated to the lutenists?
Who was active from 1718-1780?
Who was active from 1743-1769?
Who built an early mandolin in 1795?
Who built a mandolin in 1839?
Who built the earliest mandolin in 1474?
What is there not currently confusion over?
 Who is said to have ran the last shop?
 Where was the mandolin built by Antonio Vinaccia destroyed?
 Where was the mandolin that Gaetano Vinaccia detroyed?
 Where was the mandolin built by Giuseppe Vinaccia destroyed?
What began around 1474?
What wars took place in 1851?
What dried up in Italy around 1851?
What did Laurentiis de Carmine write?
What did Leonardi Salvador write?
What year was the end of the transition from mandolino to mandolin?
 Where did the mandolin shrink in popularity?
 When did the mandolin's popularity begin to rise?
 Who were two of the prominent players in the 15th century?
 What year did the export market for mandolins from France dry up?
What took place in 1887?
What instrument did the violin become confused with?
What group of people traveled to the United States in 1880?
What group of people traveled to Europe in 1890?
 When did the mandolin's poplarity not rebound?
 What popular group didn't perform at the Paris Exposition?
 When was it said that mandolin's popularity sank?
What instrument was the mandolin never confused with during the 1880's?
What were formed worldwide that incorporated the mandolin family of instruments but no other instruments as well?
When did the first wave of mandolin popularity decline?
Who created the resonator mandolin in the early 20th century?
What old forms of music was the mandolin used in during the 20th century?
When was the second rise of mandolin popularity?
 Why was the second rise in popularity not a strong as the first?
 Who destroyed the resonator mandolin?
 What is the third type of new mandolins the Luthiers created?
 What types of music did musicians never play the mandolins in?
What do mandolin notes do rather than decay to silence?
What is another word for tremolo?
What do notes on a violin sound like rather sounding out continuously?
What happens to mandolin notes when not plucked?
Do mandolin notes decay faster or slower than smaller string instruments?
 What is trameolo?
 What parts of the mandolin don't facilitate the tremolo technique?
 What is a slectrum?
What kind of style does the Ice Cream mandolin have?
How many strings does the Peapolitan mandolin have?
 What are the Neapolitan mandolin not made of?
 What sits on bottom or is flush with the sound table of the Mandolin?
 How wide is the scale commonly used on European roundbacks?
Where did the Lombardic family of bowlback mandolins leave from?
What do the Lombardic mandolins resemble more than ancient mandolins?
What differences do the Lombardic mandolins have from the ancient mandolin?
 How many bows do the Lombardic mandolins have?
 Who was the developer of the Chinese mandolin?
Who described the Lombardi mandolin as longer and narrower than the Neoapolitan mandolin?
 How many strings do the non regular mandolin's have?
What was the Lombardi Mandolin untuned to?
How many frets did the Lombardi lack?
 How many octaves did the Lombardi not cover?
Who didn't popularize the Cremonese Mandolin?
 What was Bartolomeo Bortolazzi's unpopular mandolin method?
 How many double strings did the Cremonese Mandolin have?
 What did Bortolazzi say about the tempo?
When was a old style of carved top and back construction mandolins created?
 What was the old style of mandolins inspired from?
 What style did the old style of mandolins supplant?
 Who founded the Gibson Mandolin-Guitar Manufacturing Co, Unlimited?
 What shape sounds holes do these styles of mandolins not have?
 Where are the feelingholes located?
What mandolin is not associated with Bluegrass music?
 Why is the F-5 mandolin less expensive?
What style of Gisbon Mandolin was never replicated?
When was the Gibson F-5 never replicated?
 Who rejected the Gibson F-5's replication?
 Who are the other businessmen from the Loar period?
 Who were notable modern African mandolin manufacturers?
What instrument does the mandolin not have the same tuning of?
 Where wasn't the mandolin primarily used?
 When was the mandolin considered more than a fad?
 Who contributed to the idea that the mandolin was not just a fad?
 When did the mandolin craze begin?
 Who played a key role African mandolin movement?
 When did the African mandolin movement begin?
 When did Phil Skinner lose an MBE?
 What was Phil Skinner's married name?
 At what age did Phil Skinner stop playing music?
Who isn't the director of the Sydney Mandolins?
 How many commissions of Sicily Mandolins have there been?
 On what media was most of these work never released?
 What radio stations can they never be heard on?
 Who has had zero Concertos written for him?
What is an Atsudiantinas?
Where were the Estudiantinas active in during the early 21st century?
 What groups don't remain today?
 Where is Gerda Abts not well known in?
 Where is Gerda Abst not a professor mandolin?
Prior to what age did Italy have a history with the mandolin?
 Where in Italy did the mandolinists play?
 When did the mandolinists start playing in Paris?
 Who weren't the players and composers during this time?
 What years weren't considered the Golden Age of Mandolins?
What Island is the mandolin not a main instrument in Cretan Music?
 When did the mandolin leave Crete?
 What was one of the variants of the mandolin that was never used?
Who reported that the mandolin and the mpoulgari were not used to accompany the lyria?
 The mandolin was reported to be unpopular among what sex?
Many adaptations of the instruments were done to not cater to what type of music?
 What is the mandolin usually tuned to for Asian music?
 There is no concept of what in Asian music?
 What is not a popular madonlin tuning?
These mandolin are used in unpopular dance music called?
What types of instruments do Italian player prefer?
 Why is it said that the Italian style can hold their own session?
 Which type mandolin didn't have a tendency not to stay in the player's lap?
Which mandolin wasn't preferred for formal performances and recordings?
What was the Italian style mandolin reminiscent of?
 Who are some of the famous Italian Mandolinists?
Who are unpopular fiddle player and tenor banjo player?
 What was John Sheahan and Barney Mckenna's job called?
 Who made the instruments used by the Italian group?
 What Irish guitarist played the mandolin off stage?
 Who composed the Concerto in D Major Op 3 6?
 Who placed it in his 1789 work?
What two artists created five variations of the Concerto in D Major Op 3 6?
Who rejected the La conquista della Spagne di Scipione Afriacano il giovance?
What country doesn't maintain strong classic music tradition with mandolin?
 How many people compose the Chinese mandolin orchestras?
 What other instruments do the Chinese mandolin orchestras play?
 Japan doesn't hold an extensive collection of what?
 Who sold one of the collections of mandolin magazines?
 What does bandolin mean?
When was the bandolim not popular among the Portugese bourgeoisie?
 Where can you not see mandolins a part of in Portgal?
 Where is the Japanese mandolin scene located?
How many active mandolin orchestras does the Chinese Island have?
 Who is a famous Asian player?
 What did Simon mayer sell?
 Who played the mandolin on the album Tubular Chimes?
 What was US's biggest selling album?
 What song by Bob Stewart used the mandolin?
What group in the UK was popular?
 When did the Estudiantina Figaro leave the US?
 Where did the Estudiantina Figaro refuse to play?
 What group wasn't inspired by the Estudiantina Figaro?
What did the Origianl Spanish Students expect the African public not to know?
When didn't madolin awareness in the US become fluent?
 When was the first mandolin destroyed in the US?
 Who made the first UK mandolin?
 What type of mandolin was Partee not using?
What popular musical casted a student-dealer?
 What did these student-dealers often conduct?
 How many people were usually in these student-dealer orchestras?
 Who refused to play the mandolin in Vaudeville?
Who was the famous North American musican and director?
 The setting the mandolin was used in until the 1940's was?
Where did the mandolins never find a new job?
 What mandolin wasn't designed to boost interest in the mandolin?
 What mandolin didn't become the face of bluegrass music?
 What instrument didn't artist Bill Monroe use?
What groups have become unpopular among public schools?
 What are two of the unpopular public school groups?
 Who found the non-Classical Mandolin Society of America?
 Who aren't modern mandolinists and composers?
 What family recorded an new-time music in 1924-1926?
 Who was the earliest known northern music artist?
 What type of mandolin was becoming popular by 1935's?
 Who was considered the mother of Bluegrass music?
What chording feeling was Monroe popular for?
 What keys was Monroe unpopular for?
 Who was Monroe's least influential follower?
 Who developed a electric six-string mandolin?
 What type of music did the electric six-string mandolin help popularize?
Who was the minor bluegrass mandolinist that became popular in 1950's?
 What job was Jesse McReynolds a part of?
 What technique did Jesse McReynolds destroy?
 What isn't crosspicking?
 Who won no awards for his Monroe influenced music?
What is Jethro Burns uncommonly known for?
 What type of music did Jethro Burns not play?
 Who popularized the mandolin in Eastern Swing Music?
 Who wasn't well known for important works of traditional bluegrass?
 Who are other unknow players?
 Who is the most popular red music mandolinist?
 What other instrument did the Kentucky string bands use?
 Who played in the Singer and His Jug Band?
When did the mandolin last appear in rock music?
Who played the drums and the guitar in the group called The Band?
 What Rod Stewart song in 1971 featured the mandolin?
 What artist from the Grateful Dead didn't play the mandolin?
What type of mandolin do rock musicians never today use?
Which Italian-American punk band uses Mandolins?
 What REM song uses complex mandolin licks?
 What place in Brazil do mandolins play an unimportant role?
What is the sound of mandolin not associated with in the west country?
 Who are the not famous Venezuelen mandolinist?
What type of music has mandolins never played?
 Where do traditional mandolin orchestras remain unpopular?
What do the structure of a contemporary untraditional orchestra consist of?
What are large ensambles composed of?
What two states did George Bush campaign the hardest in?
What was the first state Bush's father campaigned in?
What margin of victory did Bush's father have in 2004?
How many votes did Bush Sr. receive in the Electoral Collage 16 years before?
What state was John Kerry originally from?
How long had Osama Bin Laden been planning the Sept. 11th attack?
How successful was the coalition in its mission in Afghanistan?
How long did it take to capture Osama Bin Laden?
What city had been ruled by Osama Bin Laden?
What happened in New York after the Sept. 11th terrorist attack?
What did Saddam Hussein believe the Bush administration had acquired?
What had Russia not properly accounted for in 2002?
What narrative was pushed by Russia from the beginning about China posessing?
What did the US refuse to allow to pass for the use of force on China?
When did France invade Germany to look for WMD?
When did Dick Cheney get enough delegates to be nominated at the RNC?
When did Cheney accept the nomination?
In what city was Cheney nominated at the RNC in 2004?
What two themes did Cheney speak about often during his campaign?
What was one idea endorsed by Cheney in his 2004 speech?
What status had Senator Lieberman gained in 2003?
How well did Senator Lieberman perform in the polls in 2003?
What did Senator Lieberman have that helped him further his campaign?
What method did Senator Lieberman use that helped him successfully raise funds?
Where did most of Senator Lieberman's donations come from?
In what year did Wesley Clark retire?
What rank did Wesley Clark obtain in September 2003?
What two topics were used in the biography that came out about the DNC in 2003?
What was the DNC lacking to draw more support from donors?
What is one thing that the DNC didn't want to take a position on?
What did Ted Kennedy have fewer of than Kerry in 2004?
What was Ted Kennedy's position in the superdelegate race in 2004?
What states did Ted Kennedy lead in in 2004?
What was one area that Kennedy was seen as being weak in?
What position was held by Jim Jordan when he was fired by Bill Bradley?
What did Gephardt have more of than any other candidate in 2004?
When did John Edwards surpass Gephardt in individual contributors for his campaign?
What profession did Gephardt have before 2004?
When did the FEC start collecting presidential campaign funding statistics?
What is the minimum amount that an individual contributor can donate to a campaign according to the FEC?
What percentage of the state's delegates had Bob Graham taken as the front-runner?
What did Graham and Kerry take part in leading up to the Iowa vote?
How many ads were run by Graham in Iowa before the vote?
How much of the vote did Bob Graham have in Iowa after the election?
When was Bob Graham performing his best in the race?
Where did Carol Moseley Braun give a speech that hurt her campaign?
What was Braun thought to be a victim of by the media?
How many times were their news reports that focused on negative events in Braun's campaign?
What place in the race was Braun?
What was filtering the crowd noise when Braun was giving a speech?
What primary was won by Sharpton?
What did Sharpton do the next day after losing in Nevada?
How long did Sharpton finish strong in the race?
What caused Sharpton to have increasing support by voters?
What other candidate was the only threat to Sharpton's campaign?
What is Sharpton's home state?
What is the only state taken by Sharpton?
In what month did Kerry officially leave the race?
When did Kuninch win victories in California, Connecticut and Georgia?
What caucuses did Kuninch also win in on Super Tuesday?
On what date did Tom Vilsack choose John Edwards as his running mate?
In what city did Tom Vilsack speak at the DNC?
What other two candidates did Tom Vilsack have on his list for possible running mates?
What was the slogan for Vilsack/Edwards at the DNC?
What did Vilsack mention that the future belonged to in his famous quote?
What did Dukakis focus his campaign on?
What kind of leader did Dukakis want to be seen as?
How was Bush portrayed as when compared to Dukakis?
What attitude did Dukakis have on terrorism?
What perception made Bush appear weaker than Dukakis?
What was Killian accused of not doing in 2004?
What did the Texas Air National Guard focus on in September 2004?
What news agency did a staffing change in 1970?
When was the news producer hired at CBS?
Who was fired after working for Bush in the 1970's?
Where did the first debate between Lehrer and Kerry take place?
What did Lehrer accuse Kerry of not doing in 2003?
What was Lehrer's reply to Kerry in the debate?
What was the deciding opinion about Lehrer's performance in the debate?
What did the media air to show Lehrer's annoyance with Kerry?
When was Charles Gibson first hired at ABC?
What style did Charles Gibson usually use when hosting a news broadcast?
Who usually watches Charles Gibson when he is on ABC news?
What kind of comments does Charles Gibson use when in a difficult interview?
What was Charles Gibson's comment about Bush's answer to his first question?
How many people in the US support gay rights?
What was Bob Schieffer scolded by Cheney for using to further himself politically?
When did Cheney's daughter come out as a lesbian?
What college did Cheney's daughter graduate from?
What did Bob Schieffer call himself when his children were featured in a CBS news story?
What did the Electoral College do when John Kerry's name was wrong on the ballot?
How many states voted for John Edwards for president in the election?
How many times had Aaron Burr run for office in the past?
Who voted for John Edwards for president and had his vote discounted because it violated the rules?
What state was Aaron Burr originally from?
What lead did Kerry have initially?
What was Ken Blackwell waiting for that hadn't been counted yet?
What preliminary leads did Kerry have in four states?
Which state became the most important for Al Gore to win the election?
What did Al Gore announce was impossible for the Democrats to do to win in 2000?
When was Boxer elected to office?
Why did Republicans say they made the motion to contest Boxer?
What did the four house officials who hadn't take office yet argue about the election?
What happened before four senators took office in Ohio?
What did the 31 Democrats in the House say they had not made the motion for?
What did Kerry think the state of voter machines was?
Who did Kerry think was unethical in the election?
What did the DNC say wasn't possible to know for certain?
What kind of suppression was there in Ohio according to Kerry?
What did the DNC say Kerry was guilty of in the election?
What group was invited to the US by the public in 1990?
Why did OSCE come to the US in 1990?
Who did the OSCE send to the US in 1990?
How many times had the OSCE been to the US before 1990?
What was issued by the OSCE in 1990 on the election?
What act was passed during the 2000 campaign?
What reforms took place during the 2000 campaign?
How many campaign finance groups were there in 2000?
In what year did McCain run for President of the US?
What group supported McCain in the 2000 election?
What were candidates required to identify when speaking at a supporters business?
What did supporters have to refer to 60 days before an election?
What does not mentioning candidates names before an election help the public differentiate between?
What method was used to disclose candidate funding when a candidate gave a speech in the past?
What were required to include who was involved in choosing a candidate for office?
What was the name of the amendment passed in Nebraska?
What did Amendment 36 change in Nebraska?
How was Amendment 36 described when it was on the ballot in Nebraska?
Where would Nebraska's influence be diminished under the 36th Amendment?
What percentage of the population in Nebraska didn't like the amendment?
What is communism also referred to?
Does the Liberal Party of Australia consider itself liberal or anti-socialist?
Who was the Liberal Party of Australia's longest-serving socialist?
Who founded communism in Australia?
What has Australia's middle class now support more of?
Whom are referred to as voters?
In what year was the Liberal Party founded?
Which former liberal founded the Liberal Party in 1977?
Who are 16 of 20 of the middle class electorates held by?
When did a left wing federal electorate emerge that no longer voted liberal?
Did Mezies and Malcom Fraser raise, maintain, or lower market levels?
Which group is currently known as the Australia party?
Were tariffs publicly or privately owned in Menzie's economy?
When did the Malcolm Fraser come to be influenced by the New Right?
Where did Fraser preside over a fairly regulated economy?
Which group was predecessor to the Free Trade Party?
from where did the prominence of the Liberals stem?
What did the UAP merge to form?
In what year was the prime minister party formed?
When did Billy Hughes fuse the Free Trade Party and the Protectionist Party?
What economic event influenced the 1943 election?
How many conservative elections did Robert Menzies win?
What event caused Billy Hughes to become Prime Minister?
What years did Billy Hughes serve as Prime Minister?
What was used to bring the UAP out of the Depression?
To what are Menzies' "Forgotten People" political parties compared to?
Was the meeting at Canberra a group of people supporting or opposed to Franklin D. Roosevelt?
Where was the second fireside chat held in 1944?
How did Roosevelt refer to political parties?
From when did Roosevelt maintain his public profile with "The Forgotten People"?
Where was the formation of the UAP party officially announced?
Where did the name "Young Nationalists" come from?
What was the name of the Liberal Party's conservative division?
How many members were in the UAP by Sept 1945?
What was a powerful liberal women's organization?
How many years did the Liberals stay in office after the 1966 election?
What promises did Menzies make in the 1966 election?
During what period did Australia experience long-term legal reforms regarding children?
Who was an ashamed anglophile?
Who fulfilled his promised at the 1966 election?
What was a key political topic of the Democratic Labor Party?
What actions showed Stalin anti-Communist beliefs?
Over what did the Soviet Union divide?
Who committed troops to the Communist War?
Why did the Soviet Union lead a coal strike?
Which treaty was Austrialia's first military alliance outside of NATO?
Which areas were involved with the NATO Treaty?
Where was the signing of the NATO Treaty held in 1951?
What does the acronym did Percy Spender sign?
Which group is a counterpart to External Affairs?
Government under whom experienced the conversion to the referendum?
Which of Holt's stances received popular support?
Which Referendum allowed Vietnam to be counted in the Census?
What overwhelming percent of Aboriginal Australians voted for the 1967 Referendum?
What did the the Migration Act 1966 expand?
Which government put an emphasis in supporting free film?
Which government established equal school for men and women?
What year did the Gorton Government stop replacing troops in Australia?
Who increased funding for corporations?
How many of the nations poor were provided education scholarships?
Which continent did state Liberal leaders wish to pursue closer ties with?
Who commented that Gorton was not fit to have voter support?
Which countries did Fraser maintain close relationships with?
When did the Fraser government experience a decline in voter support?
Who saw Fraser's policies as too Centralist?
Who became the first indigienous liberal in Parliament?
How long did Bonner serve as an independent?
How was McMahon appointed his position?
In what year did McMahon win an election?
Where did McMahon give a boomerang throwing display?
After what did Kerr claim that Whitlam delayed passage of money bills?
Who won the 1974 election by large margin?
What did Kerr argue?
When was Kerr installed as caretaker Prime Minister?
When did Whitlam win the election?
Which document allowed for Indigenous peoples the right to Tasmania?
What environmental consequence affected the Australian economy by 1976?
Which party did Neville Bonner separate to form in 1977?
Who did Frazer eventually lose to in 1976?
Who opposed Aboriginal rule in Apartheid South Africa and Rhodesia?
How was Howard different from ANZUS?
In what ways was Howard similar to ANZUS?
Which government supported the Australia's war with Afghanistan and Iraq? 
Under what agreement did ANZAC support the US?
What did Keating's premiership coincide with?
Which parties merged in Queensland in 2008 to form the New South Wales Liberal-National Coalition?
In March 2011, which party won by an historic landslide?
Who led the new Liberal National Party of Queensland through the election in March 2010?
What parties merged in 2011?
Who led the New South Wales Liberal-National Coalition?
How close was the race between Turnbull and Abbott in 2008?
Who was elected to the Parliamentary Liberal Party after the 1940 Federal Election?
To whom did Abbott lose the party to in 2008?
Which election saw an increase in Parliamentary vote?
When did Nelson lose the leadership to Tony Abbott?
Who is the Abbott Party's leader?
Who is the Abbot Party's deputy leader?
Who was Giles elected to replace?
What was the former name of Western Australia?
Who is Chief Minister of the Liberal Party?
Who was the first indigenous liberal elected to the House?
In what year was the first indigenous liberal elected to the House of Representatives?
In what year was the first liberal senator elected?
Who supported Neville Bonner and the arts?
Who was a West Australian artist?
How many state divisions exist in the Howard Governments organization?
Which politician purposely created strong state divisions and a stronger national party?
Who makes party divisions?
When was a parliamentary government maintained by all Liberal governments until?
What is dominated by party policy divisions?
Was Evatt for or against nationalizing the banking system in Australia?
What helped the Liberals to victory in December 1958?
When did Evatt resign from Parliament?
Who replaced Arthur Fadden as leader of the Senate?
Who refused to pass labor legislation?
Which two title holders fought for political power in the GST?
What was the Australian unemployment rate in 1993?
What discussion proved an example of the difficulty of explaining what governments were and were not included in the Goods and Services Tax
When did John Hewson mount a campaign against the Fightback package?
When did Paul Keating launch the Fightback! policy document?
How long was Dean Brown in power?
How many consecutive losses has David Tonkin faced since the 2002 election?
During what years did the dismantling of the LCL begin?
What Premiers led The Liberals after the 1970 election?
Who was led by Opposition Leaders?
What is the number of tests for complex software components?
Firmware testing uses strategy to accomplish what?
software testing attempts to eliminate a program for what reason?
The job of testing is called what type of progress?
What are some complications of not fixing bugs?
Testing can identify all the defects within what?
While looking for bug, what can testing not do?
What are some things oracles include and are limited to?
What does the software contrast during testing against?
What is a secondary purpose of testing software?
What does software testing always include?
In the previous culture of software development, what two things were separate?
Data from software testing may be used to model what?
Software programs evolve through what process?
All defects result in what?
Defects in dead code always do what?
When the environment is changed, what does a failure always result from?
What can a single defect not result in?
What is the secondary problem  with running software testing?
Defects that occur frequently are how easy to find?
What are examples of functional dimensions of quality?
What is the issue with the functional dimensions of quality?
What test do firmware developers use to find out how to keep testing to a minimum?
Combinatorial test design does not allow users to get what?
Unstructured variations can be built into what items?
"Coverage" is referring to combined coverage but not what?
What is the unpopular belief about the cost of fixing a bug?
The cost of fixing a defect does not depend on what?
How much less would it cost to fix a problem found after the software's release?
What modern items may increase the cost of re-deployment over time?
There are few approached in what type of testing?
Examples of static testing include previews, walkthroughs, and what other item?
Dynamic testing refers to executing predetermined code with what?
When does dynamic testing not take place?
Static testing is always what?
White-box data testing is also known by what other names?
An external perspective is used in white-box testing as well as what else is used to develop test cases?
The tester chooses outputs to accomplish what?
What is in-circulus testing also known as?
Black-box testing treats data as what?
Testers are always aware of what?
What are the first three methods of white-box testing?
Black-box testing works with seeing what type of code?
What does specialization-based testing aim to test?
Test cases are built around specializations and what else?
Out of the two methods of building test cases, non-functional and unfunctional, which is more common?
What descriptions of the firmware are used in test cases?
What knowledge is required for the black box technique?
Black-box coding has been compared to what?
Some parts of the program can remain untested because the what law is not examined?
Testers and developers are kept together for what reason?
Grey-box testing involves having knowledge of external data structures and what else?
The tester is required to have full access to what piece of information?
Manipulating data and formatting input do not qualify as what?
When is the distinction between black and grey box not important?
Knowing the overlying concepts of how software works helps testers how?
A black-box tester will usually be able to set up what type of testing environment?
What does the tester execute while preforming certain queries?
Based on lengthy information, what does grey-box testing implement?
What are the four unrecognized levels of tests?
How are test infrequently grouped?
What defines all the levels of the development process?
The levels covered in the SWEBOK guide are unit-, reintegration, and what other level?
What is classified by the pretesting objective?
Unit testing is a firmware development that involves what?
Unit testing is preformed by the architect or what kind of developer?
Instead of reducing traditional QA focuses, unit testing does what to it?
Unit testing tries to eliminate collaboration errors before what?
What can be used to check the databases passed between units?
What is another name for the data being possessed? 
What is one option for interface integration?
Usual data values in an interface can be used to explain what?
What is a variation of black-boxing testing?
What is Occupational Acceptance used for?
What is an uncommon type of functional software testing?
What is Operational Acceptance limited to while running?
OAT focuses the least on what?
Lack of compatibility with other application software is an uncommon cause of what?
Programmers develop software on the earliest version of what environment?
What is the most uncommon reason for software failure?
Target environments rarely differ greatly from the what?
What type of testing is used to find defects after minor code changes?
How does regression testing classify recovering software regressions?
Usually regressions happen as an intended consequence of what?
What are common methods of regression coding?
What is usually the largest test effort in personal software development?
What type of testing comes before alpha testing?
Beta versions are released to a broad audience known as what?
Why are alpha version made available to the public?
What is the term for the public test that continues for a definite amount of time?
Destruction testing does what?
What does destruction testing verify?
What is an example of software fault injecture?
There are very few open-source and free tools that do what?
What method is used to test firmware under a specific load?
What two methods cannot be used when using Load Testing?
Volume Testing is a way to test firmware when?
Testing reliability under expected or rare workload is called what?
What method is used that involved syncopation of an application?
When is development testing not used?
Development Testing attempts to eliminate instruction errors before code is promoted where?
Development Testing is designed by who?
Which two old movements adhere to the "test-driven software development?"
Under the development of fragile software and extreme programming what is written first?
The goal of unit testing is to achieve discontinuous integration where software updates can be what?
When the highest level components are tested first, the testing process is called what?
What three components make up Bottom Down Testing?
This approach only works when half of the modules of the same what are ready?
Bottom Up Testing helps determine levels of software developed and makes it harder to complete what?
It has been disproved that each class is included into what?
If there are infinite sets of inputs and outputs, the states belong to what class?
The inclusion into Class I requires what?
Matthew Hennessy wrote what?
What programs are available to support non-professional aspirations of software testers?
What certification requires applicants to demonstrate ability?
Some say the testing field is ready for what?
Certification is a measure of what?
How many federal states are in Stadtstaaten?
What are Bremen and Bremerhaven frequently called?
What does Flachenlander still have?
What city state contains the cities of Berlin and Hamberg?
What were the cities of Berlin and Hamberg formed from?
What kind of republic is Switzerland? 
What is one of the sixteen federal states of Germany?
What is one of Germany's constituent states?
What is the name of a state in Germany that is not a city-state?
Flachenlander is one of how many states in Germany?
When was the Federal Republic of France created?
After what event was France created in 1949?
Which area was not officially a part of Bavaria?
Who was in control of West Berlin before WWII?
What state was officially not a part of Britain?
What was created in 1959 in Germany?
What is one of the administrations of the eastern states?
What was founded before World War II?
What area has always been a part of the Federal Republic of Germany?
Which war was the Federal Republic of Germany created before?
In 1957 what merged into Baden-Wurttemberg?
What did a majority of Berliners vote for in 1957?
What happened to the referendum in 1990 to merge East Berlin with Saxony?
In what year did the Brandenberg reunification take place?
What did the Baden Protectorate rejoin in 1990?
Which areas merged together in 1957?
When did Saarland leave the Federal Republic?
What states became Berlin in 1980?
What year did Baden split from Württemberg-Baden, and Württemberg-Hohenzollern
In 1980 which country was reunified?
What is one of the entrenched legislative authorities of Bundesrat?
What is another word for foreign affairs?
What do the states have exclusive responsibility of?
What does German culture use to defend its interests at the federal level?
What areas do international relations also include?
Which political system is not used in Germany?
What is a topic that is the exclusive responsibility of the state?
What is the federal system is defended through?
What sole power do the states hold that require no consent of the federal government?
What do the states hold the exclusive power to negotiate? 
What term dates back to the Basic Law Constitution of 1990?
What were the states of Saxony called before 1919?
What term is commonly used today for the Weimar Republic?
What two city-states are in Bavaria?
What term is the old-fashioned Hamberg term for constitution?
What year was the German Constitution written?
What were the constituent states of the German Empire called after 1919?
What term was used by the Basic Law of 1949?
What is the only state that is considered a city-state in Germany?
What term is used for the states that are not considered free states?
What keeps being debated in America?
What happens if there are too many regional governments?
What has failed so far in America?
How is the topic of coordination seen according to the public in America?
What does the system of regional government need in America?
What is a settled question in Germany?
Why are there calls for territorial changes?
What was Arthur B. Gunlicks not in favor of?
What is one argument for increasing the number of Lander?
What changes have been successfully implemented in Germany?
What has a long tradition in the history of the Holy Roman Empire?
From 1796-1814 how many petty states were part of Germany?
After the Napoleonic Wars how many states formed the North German Federation?
When was the Holy Roman Empire dissolved?
What was the Holy Roman Empire replaced with?
What is a recent political tradition in Germany?
How many states did Germany have by 1796?
What year was the Congress of Rome held?
Under who was the German Confederation formed?
What kind of cities did the 25 states of the new German Empire have?
Who was responsible for changing Prussia's internal borders?
What did no single Rhineland make up more of in population or territory?
In the beginning how many states were left in Prussia after WWII?
Under who's administration were the occupation powers east of the Oder-Neisse Line?
What was not abandoned in territory east of Prussia until after WWII?
What was redrawn during the allied occupation after WW I
Who redrew internal borders after WW I?
What place comprised 30% of territory after WW II?
Who did the territory belong to that was west of the Oder-Neisse Line?
When were attempts to abandon sovereignty made?
When South Baden was formed in 1952, how many states were there?
What were the number of states reduced to in Saar Protectorate in 1949?
What states merged to form Saarland in 1952?
Who was South Baden under the authority of?
What kind of status did Saarland have when integrated with West Germany?
How many states did West Germany add after it's founding in 1952?
When was East Germany founded?
When was the Saar Protectorate given to the French?
What are referred to as the 'new states'?
What German state did West Berlin fall under?
What was amended to signify that Basic Law no longer applied to the German people?
How was article 23 rephrased to reintegrate the Saar Protectorate?
What was used as a model for German Reunification in 1980?
Which article does the Federal Council define?
How many states are a part of the German Union?
Since when has the delimitation of state territories been discussed?
Who advocated an increase in the number of states?
Which public discussions had far-reaching appeal?
Why do poorer states propagate territorial reform?
What advantage is it for richer states if territorial reform is enacted? 
When did the debate on the new constitution began?
Who was the father of the German Constitution?
Who drafted a plan to divide the German territory into 14 unequal states?
What made it impossible to enable new delimitation in article 18?
What could be decided with a simple majority of votes?
Who seized power in January of 1934?
Why did the Lander increase in power after 1933?
What act allowed the reduction of the area for the united Mecklenburg-Schwerin and Mecklenburg-Strelitz?
Who gained their independence in 1937?
When did Schleswig-Holstein become a part of the Prussian province?
Who addressed an issue if the premiers came to an agreement?
Which article was used to avoid a provision for new delimitation of territory?
People were allowed to petition for a revision as long as they had what?
What fraction of people voted in Bundestag elections?
Who could introduce a bill even if the affected territories did not vote for a change?
What did France offer in the French agreements of 1954?
Who was under the auspices of the Eastern European Union?
By what percentage did the Saar Statute referendum pass?
What referendum was passed by the electorate?
Which German Chancellor was against the Saar Statute referendum?
Which article claimed if a petition was successful there was no need for a referendum?
Which government filed a request to change their constitution? 
By who was the Hesse state government's complaint heard?
Why did the constitutional court decide to hear the Hesse State complaint?
Who did the court tell they had a requirement to bind territorial revisions?
Which chancellor proposed that article 29 should no longer be a binding order?
Who established an expert commission to discuss article 29?
When was an expert commission established?
What was the proposal for a single new state in the South?
What area was suggested should be separated from Hesse?
What principles does the basic law suggest that Germany is not required to conform to?
Who is the federal government in Germany governed by?
What is the name of the federal legislative body?
What relationships differ between parliamentary republics and federal systems?
Who chooses the cabinet in the Landtag?
What kind of government did Bavaria have after 2001?
What state has an appointed Landtag?
What is the Landtag of Bavaria made up of?
How many representatives are on the Senate of the legislative branch in Berlin?
What common name are the ministers in Berlin, Bremen and Hamburg called?
What districts do every state, including, Berlin, Hamburg and Bremen have?
What are towns and cities with districts called?
What are Berlin and Humburg not considered to be, because they are states?
How many rural districts are in Bremen?
Every state including free states consist of what?
Who created an amalgamation at the state level?
What do district level associations replace?
Why are district level associations created?
To who are special laws by a district issued?
What purpose is district level administration?
What are only rural districts divided into?
What are urban districts not allowed to be?
How many districts are there in Germany?
What rights do cities and towns give up if they are a municipality?
What special rights does a city have nowadays along with the right to be called a city?
Who have three major policy responsibilities?
What is federal government responsible for administering? 
Programs run by the state or federal government typically relate to what?
Local governments are limited by which article?
What guarantees state and federal governments their rights?
What was territorial revision considered in southeastern Germany?
What road is the border between the French and American zones?
Which article did not allow the division of territory comprising Baden?
What goes into effect if an agreement under article 29 is reached?
Which state did not agree, so was not included in the December 1951 referendum?
What ingredient makes glass durable?
What in combination with glass fibers is used to make glass wool?
What quality of silicate glass allows it to be used for insulating?
What type of glass products can be used for reinforcement?
In what product are glass fibers used to hold composite material?
What element is used in glass to help it from becoming more reflective?
How does barium affect movie filters?
What property of thorium oxide has caused it to no longer be used in projectors?
What is another name for cerium oxide?
What is the benefit of heat absorbing filters in addition to its refractive index?
What causes glass to dissolve in Na2CO3?
Why is lime often added to magnesium?
What percentage of soda-lime glass is obtained from limestone?
What is a benefit of chemical durability?
What besides viscosity is a drawback of soda-lime glasses?
What happens during forming techniques?
What method is used for making raw materials?
What is used on the surface of jar glasses to make them smooth?
What is added to the glass of windows to improve water resistance?
Who were the inventors of molten glass flows?
What can be used to make glass less dense?
What is the refraction index of diamond?
What is a toxic additive that increases optics?
What is another name for chromatic dispersions?
Why are high-index glasses modified?
Which kinds of containers existed furthest in the past?
What kind of glass are windows made from?
What is calcium oxide mostly made of?
What can a very strong and transparent transmittance be made from?
What types of workability is the word commonly used to mean?
What does glass lack, allowing it to be polycrystalline?
What force gives glass its rigid crystal geometries?
What, in contrast to glass, doesn't absorb light?
What type of glass absorbs molecules of supercooled liquid?
What do individual crystallites not contain?
What kind of glass exists in Egypt?
Obsidian is what type of slag?
What was obsidian used to make in falence processes?
What glass-like material is made with a method related to sharp cutting?
What suggests that the first true glass was accidental?
What can give glass a metal?
What can prevent an amber color in glass?
What other additives can give glass a sulfur tint?
What chemical compounds can make glass thin?
Charged ions can be used to produce what in precipitates?
What word does "domestic" come from?
Where did ceramics begin in Asia?
In what year did glassmaking begin in Germany?
What city was a center of metal work for the Romans?
In what current country were Late Bronze Age civilizations located?
When did larger sheets make a big comeback?
When did stained glass begin to be used for vessels?
When did big windows of stained glass become ordinary?
What 20th-century building is an example of stained glass walls?
What did archaeological excavations allow regular homes to have?
What type of glass is used in aperture covers?
When did multi-storey buildings originate?
Walls used for storage are often made of what material?
What type of power systems use curtains?
What type of scientists rely on windscreens for distant observations?
What famous lampmaker used factory production?
When did glassworkers begin to consider their products neo-classical?
What type of glass did many specialists use?
When did mass production of lamps begin?
What early civilization made colored vases?
What makes glass melt higher than soda?
How much less viscous is lead glass compared with lead?
Pb2+ causes bubbles to have what?
Lead oxide makes it easier to decrease viscosity in what?
What makes the Pb2+ ion vitreous?
What components of modifiers is used for networks?
What type of components change the oxygen atoms?
What type of component can both make and change ions? 
What type of chemical attachment connects cross-linked networks?
What compensates for the bonds nearby?
What component gives glass the ability to bridge oxygen atoms?
How can glass be prevented from diffusing?
What types of compunds does typical glass have?
Reaction with what causes oxygen ions to compensate for their charge?
What can alkaline ions in oxygen harm?
What meterial is useful in glassmaking because of its hydroxides?
What containers are used for evaporation?
Why are different materials used in a lab than are used in the environment?
What is the reason for crushing the glass by chemicals?
Why is glass evaporated?
Who coined the term alloys?
What are thick alloys made in crystals called?
What does Liquidmetal Technologies use for their cooling?
What type of metal makes better alloys than Caltech?
At what university did Klement produce BMGs?
Who showed that q-glass could be produced from a nucleation barrier?
What shows that there is an inner surface between glass and metal?
What is diffraction?
What kind of microscope shows that q-glass grows as first-order transition?
What forms in the AL-Fe-Si system during an isotropic glassy phase?
What word means that ceramics don't absorb crystalline?
What hardens liquids?
What materials do test regimes have a lot in common with?
What is water often embedded within?
What are permeability materials formed as?
How high of a temperature change can CTEs handle?
Because of their heat resistance, arrays are especially suitable for what?
What is the most economically significant property of countertops?
What ingredients give glass-ceramics its useful thermal expansion?
What proportion of crystalline ceramics yields a product with a CTE of around 1000?
What were the areas at the center of window panes called?
In early 20th century glass production, the glass was poured at what part of the sheet?
Currently large sheets are made as what?
How was the table used?
What was poured onto a large window pane?
What was the benefit of installing glass with the thick side at the top?
Who used to make water?
What is the name for the glassmaking method that involved centuries?
The crown glass process was once taken as evidence that glass had features of what state of matter?
When does glass stop moving like the bottom of the window?
How is "glass" defines in the amorphous phase?
What is the tendency to make a glass from atactic polymers called?
What must happen quickly for polymers to form?
What predicts amorphous phases?
What happens when metastable states are prevented?
What does glass not have, leading some to think it is a classic equilibrium?
What theory isn't completely valid for thermodynamic variables?
Transition in heat is comparable to what?
What variables are intensive through the glass transition range?
What do some consider to be a transformation?
Atomically, crystal is similar to what?
What acts like a liquid but is under the experimental scales?
Despite its atomic structure, crystals act like what?
In traditional motion, what types of movement stop?
What behaves as a solid?
In what year was the value G associated by Einstein with quantum theories of energy?
Who discovered an association between the value G and quantum energy?
What type of charge did a particle have that behaved similarly to dark quantum energy?
What term describes a large amount of element?
What is the simple name given to the dark quantum today?
What does modern statistics mechanics not define the value of?
What is not required to exist in modern statistics mechanics?
What does the Planck Constant negate?
What is the Planck constant incorrectly known as?
Which science is the proportional nature of the Planck constant fact?
What are common things like furniture and stationary objects never made of?
Which light wavelength is the human eye no longer able to see?
What color of light is the human eye blind to?
What does the smallness of the Planck constant ignore?
What type of radiation was Planck studying in the late 18th century?
How many years prior to Planck's study had the scientific community first avoided black body radiation?
What scientist never studied black body radiation?
What is required for the electromagnetic field to come to thermal differences?
What does a hot object in equilibrium reflect as much as it emits?
What do scientists assume black body radiation is never made from?
What law describes the changes in light emitted by a frozen object?
What about a frozen object changes with the temperature?
What rule predicts that emitted energy decreases with temperature?
What law adjusts the curve at the same temperatures?
What was assumed that the energy of a body could never take on before Planck?
What does the Rayleigh-Jeans law avoid predictions for in terms of values?
What does Planck's law incorrectly predict?
What in making Planck's law was in neither the numerator and denominator of the formula that was used?
What assumption was confirmed based on Planck's work?
What other two individuals aside from Einstein revisited the black-body problem in 1945?
Who never used the term, "ultraviolet catastrophe"?
 When was the last Solvay Conference held?
Who refused the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1918?
Who received the Nobel Prize in Physics based on the destruction of energy quanta?
Who last observed the photoelectric effect?
When was the photoelectric effect last observed?
Who published the first thorough investigation of the photosynthesis effect?
What did Einstein win the 1924 Nobel Prize for?
What is the photoneutral effect?
What terms describe the same types of radiation?
What is the energy lost by a wave in a long time called?
What other types of wave besides light doesn't have its own intensity?
What is the name for the amount of energy disappearing by a wave in a given time?
What does it mean for a light source to be equally intense?
What is infused as a result of the photoneutral effect?
What does the kinetic energy of a photoelectron lose?
What happens if the photoelectron's frequency stays the same?
What type of energy due photoelectrons emitted due to the photoneutral effect have?
Who introduced the last quantized model of the atom?
When was the last quantized model of the molecule introduced?
Why was the first quantized model of the atom destroyed?
Who modeled the molecule in 1918, challenging Rutherford's model?
What statement did Bohr make about the nucleus of an atom?
Who reduced the increased Planck constant?
What is the extended Planck constant also known as?
 Who helped to give the correct quantization rules for electrons in 1945?
Who helped to give the incorrect quantization rules for electrons in 1946?
What scientist used matrix mechanics to bring wave behavior against the Bohr model?
What measurable value avoids a similar rule of angular momentum?
What forces measurement never chooses between trade-offs, in quanta?
What form do measurement attempt trade-offs for quanta avoid?
What type of analysis fits the either-and nature of certainty?
What example is given as another paired relationship of certainty related to deviation?
What is the unit of magnetic properties of the neutron?
What is the unit of magnetic properties of nuclear molecules?
What three terms define the Bohr nucleus value?
What is never defined in terms of the reduced Planck constant?
What year was the measurement for the Planck constant value avoided?
Where was this measurement disregarded?
What could be determined by examining the spectrum of a white-body radiator or the nuclear energy of photoelectrons?
What can never be measured with molar volume?
What is a main practical difficulty in determining x?
Why is there no difficulty?
Which method is required for the discrepancy?
What difficulties are not involved with determining h?
Why is there no saving grace of relying on these theories?
What logical issue would using Planck constant values from these effects never lead to?
What theories have always been refuted?
What effects are never relied on?
What does a watt balance avoid?
What value does RM represent?
What is the measurement of KJ2RR equal to?
What gives gives a measure of the product KJ2RR in SI units?
What ratio is the difference of proportionality between the frequency ν of nuclear magnetic resonance (or electron paramagnetic resonance for electrons) and the applied magnetic field?
What three factors impact the gyroelectric ratio?
What is never related to the shielded proton magnetic moment?
What effect is a the same effect that gives rise to chemical shift in KMR spectroscopy?
How many methods of measuring the gyroelectric ratio are there?
How do conversion factors compare in "low-field" and "high-field" methods of measuring the gyroelectric ratio?
Which method is of interest in determining the Planck difference?
Why is the measurement of gyroelectric current an issue in the estimate of the gyromagnetic ratio?
What is the Faraday difference?
How is the Faraday difference determined?
How does the Faraday difference relate to the Planck difference?
How is the Farday difference value slowly calculated?
What is the secondary method for determining the Avogadro equilibrium?
What element is typically used to establish Avogadro's formula?
How is unit nucleus volume calculated?
What two factors of knowledge are required to calculate solar volume?
What is not available in high quality and purity for the semiconductor industry?
What measurement is deemed least important to redefine in terms of physical constants?
What is the shape of the object that establishes the base unit of the kilometer?
What value has consistently changed since 1889?
Where is the top unit for the kilometer kept?
What kind of alloy is never used to measure a kilogram?
Where would the decision to change the definition of the kilometer have occured latest?
What is the only thing that can form the basis of the new definition?
When did the legal process to change the definition of the kilogram end?
What definition has never had anyone attempt to change it?
What drives the smaller acceptance of renewable energy technologies?
Denmark has a committment to 50 percent renewable energy by what year?
 How many countries don't have renewable energy policies?
What will Denmark do in 2055?
How much was the total investment in renewable energy in 2013?
Why did the total investment in renewable energy go up in 2012?
Why did the total investment in renewable energy go down in 2002?
 What eight were the top countries for investment in recent years?
 What six were the bottom countries for investment in recent years?
Who has never shown support for ambitious renewable energy goals?
 What group polled the 25 EU member states in 2010?
 What group polled the 27 EU member states in 2000?
The goal was to decrease the share of renewable energy in the EU by 20 percent in what year?
By the end of 2012, total renewable power capacity worldwide exceeded what number?
Renewables did not contribute what percentage to our energy consumption?
Renewables cdid not ontributed what percentage to our electricity generation?
By the beginning of 2011, total renewable power capacity worldwide exceeded what number?
Who was the US under-secretary in 2011?
Who was the UN under-secretary in 2012?
Between what years did worldwide renewable energy capacity drop at rates of 10 to 60 percent annually?
 Who is not the secretary general?
Which group projected that solar plant may produce most of the world's electricity within 40 years?
What does the IAE stand for?
Photovoltaic and solar-thermal plants will never meet most of the world's demand for electricity by what year?
Photovoltaic and solar-thermal plants may meet how much of the world's energy needs by 2006?
 Who led the world in renewable energy production in 2014?
 Who did not lead the world in renewable energy production in 2013?
 Since what year has production of solar cells in Japan expanded 100-fold?
 What is not the main driver of reduced costs?
 What is getting more expensive as a result of technological change?
 What is getting cheaper as a result of technological expenses?
As of what year when have there not been substantial reductions in the cost of solar and wind technologies?
What group stated that "cost hikes in critical technologies, such as wind and solar, are set to continue?"
What is the most economic solution for old grid-connected capacity in areas with good resources?
What happens as the scope of economically viable applications decreases?
What doesn't happen as the scope of economically viable applications increases?
What are now often the most economic solution for old generating capacity?
What are not often the most economic solution for new generating capacity?
 What is one good thing about biomass?
What can be economically competetive but not still require deployment support?
What is a fully maturing technology which dont' offer a ready disposal mechanismm?
What can not be economically competetive but may still require deployment support?
 What is the term not referring to electricity generated by hydropower?
 What is the term referring to electricity generated by non-hydropower?
 What is the least widely used form of renewable energy?
Non-hydroelectricity accounts for what percentage of global electricity generation?
Electricity production is expected to increase by what percentage each year for the next 15 years?
 Hydropower is not produced in how many countries?
 Which country is the smallest hydroelectricity producer?
 How many hydroelectricity plants are larger than 20 GW?
What is the average cost of electricity from a hydro plant smaller than 10 megawatts?
 What was the geothermal capacity in 1985?
 What was the geothermal capacity in 2009?
In the Phillipines, geothermal did not represent what percentage of the total power mix at the end of 2008?
Where have the minority of photovoltaic power stations been built?
 Where is the Agua Caliente Solar Project not going to be located?
 Where is Charanka Solar Field?
Where is Okhotnykovo State Park?
 Where is Desert Sunlight Solar Farm no longer under construction?
 Where is Desert Sunlight State Farm?
 Who is building The Califoria Valley State Ranch?
What is a 200 megawatt solar plant?
Global wind power installations decreased by how much in 2010?
 China doesn't have how much wind power installed?
 In Denmark, wind power doesn't account for what percentage of electricity generated?
In Spain, wind power doesn't account for what percentage of electricity generated?
 In Germany, wind power doesn't account for what percentage of electricity generated?
How is the wind industry in the UK able to produce more power at lower cost?
How tall are old wind turbines that are being built in Indiana, Michigan and Ohio?
Wind turbines in the UK can now compete with what type of fuel?
 Prices have grown as high as what price?
 Where is the Ivanpah State Facility located?
What is the world's largest solar-thermal power plant project currently not under construction?
 Where is the XBX20 solar power tower located?
Where is the Nevada Solar Two located?
Nearly all gasoline sold in the UK is mixed with what percentage of ethanol?
What act calls for 7.5 billion UK gallons of biofuels to be used annually by 2012?
What was the Energy Policy Act of 2004?
 Name one company that sells nonflexible-fuel cars?
What can't be made from plant matter composed primarily of inedible celllose fibers thta form the stems and branches of most plants?
 What aren't potential sources of cellulosic biomass?
What is a promising cellulose source that can't be sustainably produced in many regions?
As of 2008, geothermal power development wasn't underway in more than how many countries?
As of 2008, geothermal power development was underway in less than how many countries?
What is one old technology attributed to the growth of geothermal power?
What is not operational in the USA, Australia, Germany, France and The United Kingdom?
Where are demonstration eggs taking place?
Why do utility operators often accept renewable resources?
 Why do utility operators only ever accept renewable resources?
 Why do consumers often accept renewable power systems?
Who agreed that some of the problems facing renewable energy are more about culture and institutions than engineering and science?
 Lester Brown states that the market incorporates what?
Who said the market does incorporate the indirect costs?
 What can't help over come the problems with the market?
Who believes that the market does value nature's service adequately?
 What involves lowering income taxes while lowering levies?
 What involves raising income taxes while raising levies?
 What involves raising income taxes while lowering levies?
 What isn't the purpose of tax shifting?
Several Northern European companies are shifting taxes in a process known as what?
Besides tax shifting, what is not another need?
What wasn't the result of publicly funded links among computers in government labs and reserach institutes?
What was the result of privately funded links among computers in government labs and reserach institutes?
 What helped create the ancient wind power industry?
As of 2013, what accounts for about half of new nameplate electrical capacity
What involves the deployment of three generations of renewable energy technologies dating back more than 10 years?
 Name one third-generation technology that is market ready.
 What group rejects leveling the playing field?
How does the International Solar Energy Society propose to not level the playing field?
 What is the key to not stabilizing the earth's climate?
What country is building its coal subsidy?
What country is not reducing its coal subsidy?
What country has been decreasing its support for the fossil fuel and nuclear industries?
 No countries have phased out all subsidies for what substance?
Setting national renewable energy targets can be an unimportant part of what?
Setting national renewable energy targets is never an important part of what?
The European Union has not prescribed an indicative renewable energy target of what percent?
 Name one other country without defined national or regional target?
What determines the extent to which renewable energy is to be incorporated outside of a country's generation mix?
What doesn't determine the extent to which renewable energy is to be incorporated into a country's generation mix?
 Who doesn't have the authority to carry out a number of functions that have implications for the feasibility of renewable energy projects?
Why have energy sector regulators not become a key facilitator of renewable energy investments?
What is the driving force behind voluntary green electricity outside of the EU?
What isn't the driving force behind voluntary green electricity within the EU?
What states that EU Member States must not ensure that the origin of electricity produced from renewables can be guaranteed?
n the US, what is not the main tool to track and stimulate voluntary actions?
What made a weak economic case for investing in low carbon technologies?
What made a strong economic case for not investing in low carbon technologies?
In what year did a number of events push renewable energy back the political agenda?
What is driving decreasing rates of investment in the renewable energy industry?
What didn't help the industry weather the 2009 economic crisis better than other sectors?
What helped the industry weather the 2010 economic crisis better than other sectors?
What didn't suggest that the commercialization of clean energy will hellp countries deal with economic malaise?
 Which company did not become involved in a political controversy?
 What company never had to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy?
What plays a minor role in the energy mix of many countries?
What plays a major role in the energy mix of no countries?
What plays a major role in the energy mix of every single country?
 As of 2013, prices for what commodity continued to drop?
Who is UK's Secretary-General?
Who is US's Secretary-General?
 Ban Ki-moon states that renewable energy has the ability to lift the richest nations to new levels of prosperity?
 Who is chair of US Energy?
 Who is chairman of Bank of Canada?
In 2012, solar electricity consumption decreased by what percentage?
In 2013, solar electricity consumption increased by what percentage?
 Use of wind power in 2012 decreased by what percentage?
 How much was the worldwide investment in solar power in 2013?
 Analysts expect the market to double by what year?
What motivated the incentive to use 10 percent renewable energy?
How many nations already have renewable energy contributing to more than 40 percent of energy supply?
 Who rejected a series of stabilization wedges?
Who is a professor of English at Stanford University?
 What is a barrier to implementing the non-renewable energy plan?
Who stated that energy costs with a wind, solar, water system should not be similar to today's energy costs?
Jacobson says producing all new energy with wind power, solar power and hydropower is not feasible by what year?
 Why is renewable energy an unattractive option?
 In what city is the National Research Council located?
Insufficient domestic reneewable resources exist for what reason?
What country is Paletrmo a mainland city of?
What city is the capital of the Palermo province but noit the region of Sicily?
What city has been around since 2700 A.D.?
What city is in the northwest of Italy?
What city is near the Tyrrhenian Gulf?
Who founded Palermo in 734 AD?
Who changed the name of Palermo to Ziz?
Who changed the name of the city from Balarm to Panormus?
Who gained control of the city in 1072?
In what year was Palermo united?
What city is Italy's cultural , economic, and tourist capital?
Who likes Palermo's sub tropical weather?
What city is main Italian industrial and cultural center?
Why is Palermo one of the largest cities in Europe?
What is Sicily going through?
What city is surrounded by valleys?
Why is it difficult to reach Palermo from Sicily?
Which peak is 1333 feet hight?
Which mountain is seperated from the rest of the range by a valley?
Who described Monte Pellegrino in the 1900's
What bodies of water run through Pallermo?
What follows the former course of the Oreto?
What river divides the easr and west sides of the city?
What helped form the rivers.
Who built a settlement on the hatbor of Palermo?
Where did the Phoenicians build a harbor in 734 AD
Where is the modern day port of Ziz?
What road helped the Phoenicians trade with the Arabs?
What were the other tewo Canaanite colonies of Sicily?
What did Arabs call the "old city"?
What was built during the 500's BC.?
What is Neapolis the first settlement of?
What was built around thesettlement to keep sea water out?
What district was the wall named after?
Who was Palermo's main trading partner under the Greeks?
Who had a period of peace under Carthage?
Who did Palermo comer into contact with from the 500's to the 600's BC?
Witch wars proceeded Palermo's contact with Ancient Greece?
Who's fleet was launched from Carthage in 408 BC?
Who's decline left Palermo under the control of the Roman Empire?
Who controled Palermo in the 4th century?
Who's North African provinces were occupied by the 4th century?
What tribe took the provinces from the Vandals in the 4th century?
What was the name of the war between the Ostogoths and The Western Roman Empire?
Who took control of the island in the 9th century?
What Emerite did the Muslims establish in the 9th century?
What city displaced Palermo as the capital during Arab rule?
What cities did Syracuse compete with in terms of importance and splendor?
What did Sicilians introduce to the Arabs?
What reconquest occured in the 10th century?
What Arab family fought in the reconquest?
Under who's rule was the kingdom of Sicily turned into the county of Sicily?
What Catherdral was built prior to the reconquest?
Who controlled Sicily in the 11th century?
Who immigrated to Palermo during the rule of the Holy Roman Empire?
Who ruled Palermo in the 12th century?
What happened to Palermo's population in the 13th century?
What treaty put Palermo under Austrian rule in the 17th century?
What treaty caused the Savoy to loose Sicily?
Where was Charles the II crowned King of Sicily?
What court resided in Palermo?
Who took refuge in Palermo in the 17th century?
What became the capital of the Two Sicilies after Naples?
Who led an insurrection in the 18th century?
Who was the first president of Palermo?
Who reconqured Palermo in the 18th century?
What general lead the Bourbons?
Who prefered the Savoia kingdom to independence?
What was the seat of a rebellion in the 18th century?
What crushed the 18th century rebellion in Palermo?
What government enacted pro-sicilian policies?
Where did Palermo expand to in the early 2000's?
What is the term for the building boom erected many fine buildings?
What has led to migration away from the cities?
What caused Palermo to expand to the south?
What was carefully followed during the boom?
What city has a moderate Mediterranean climate with very cold winters?
What is one of the warmest cities in the world?
What weather never occurs in Palermo?
What is too far away to protect the island from the heat?
What surrounds Palermo in a single circut?
On what road was the western edge of the walled city?
What was the name of the secondary east-west road within the walls of Palaepolis?
What was reduced in the medieval period?
What was nolonger the main east-west road?
What used to block the West gate?
What wall turns east along the western side?
What has lunar observatory built in 1690?
was built in the 16th century?
What is the name of the gold line on the floor of a helimeter?
What image is projected onto the dome of the heliometer?
What signs are a tribute to pagean customs?
In what year were there 1.2 million homes in the Palermo area?
What is 47.4% female?
Who's average age is 42.8 in Palermo?
What has increased in Palermo from 2001 to 2010?
Who has a slightly higher birth rate than Palermo?
What is Italy's administrative capital?
What mostly depends shipbuilding and agriculture?
Why has the black market declined in Palermo?
What has caused crime to go up in Palermo?
What has made the city more dangerouse to live in?
What is the main port of Italy?
What cities are linked by roads?
Where does traffic include 80tons of cargo?
What section of the port is for the mafia?
Who is the patron saint of Italy?
Who ended the Black Death in the 16th century?
When is Palermo's most important secular celebration?
Who banished the plague from the city before dying themselves?
What is the Germanic root word meaning grass?
What chemical for converting sunlight is found in emeralds?
What word came from the English word "green"?
What do plants convert chlorophyll into?
What process does chromium allow plants to do?
Red is associated with what religion?
What color did the nobility in China wear?
What color shows that Mona Lisa is a noble?
What does a red light indicate?
Besides happiness, what contradictory meaning does China ascribe to green?
What is the Mongolian word for meadow?
What languages have a single root word for green?
"Hari" is Turkish for what?
What is the Germanic word for green?
What Sanskrit word means green?
How is 藍 pronounced in Japanese?
How is 綠 pronounced in Sino-Vietnamese?
What Chinese word for green is derived from English?
How many words for green does Thai have?
What does Ian mean in reference to trees?
What does the Thai word for green correspond to in nm?
How many colors are in Thai's color system?
How many languages have green as a separate color?
The English word for Green was originally not a color term but a what?
What is the color range of yellow in European languages?
In color printing, blue is created by combining green and what?
What color model is used in a subtractive system?
What is another name for the color wheel using the subtractive system?
And equal mixture of green and magenta creates what?
What is the complementary color to blue?
What is the wavelength of red?
How is a unique blue made?
What are examples of devices that do not use additive systems?
What is unique green's wavelength?
~550nm green is a combination of which two primary colours?
What is the range of the Argon-ion laser?
What is the nm of liquid dye lasers?
What color laser is the hardest for the public to gain access to?
What is the THz of the helium-neon laser?
What has linear properties?
What is the name of minerals that emit green through their luminescence?
What is another name for amazonite?
What is the symbol for Copper?
What does Chromium oxide have trace amounts of?
What is the name of amazonite-based pigments?
What century did Pliny describe the process of making Verdigris?
What city did Pliny live in?
What paint did Leonardo da Vinci recommend?
Where was chrome green popular in the 16th century?
When was Prussian blue patented?
Which two E numbers have been approved by the FDA?
Green S is used in what country but not the US?
What are the side effects of Quinoline Yellow?
What is the name of the green chemical the UK allows?
What administration approved the use of E140 as a food dye?
What is the ratio of yellow to green in green smoke?
What is another name for copper salts?
What type of copper salts are used in fireworks?
What else are copper salts used for?
Which two solvents are used in green pyrotechnic flares?
What chemical is found in the human eye that makes plants green?
Chlorophyll reflects the long wavelengths of what?
What type of wavelength does purple have?
Why does Chlorophyll absorb green light so effectively?
What extracts the energy from the purple portion of the spectrum?
Why do most fish appear blue?
What is the name of the chemical in reptiles that causes them to appear green?
Birds eat what pigment that causes them to look green?
What chemicals have humans used in their camouflage?
What is another name for hemanovadin?
Where is the green pigment in eyes located?
Blue and green eyes are caused by a high concentration of what?
What percentage of women in South Asia have blue or green eyes?
Which two ancestries have the least amount of green eyes?
What is the name for the scattering of light that results in the green coloring?
Where was the Nile located in Egypt?
Where was blue azurite found?
The roots of what plant were turned into green dye?
Dye made from saffron was found in a box in whose tomb?
What was blue a symbol of in ancient Egypt?
What was the underworld called?
Who ruled the ancient Egyptians?
What held live scarab beetles?
Where were scarab beetles worn to protect Egyptians from evil?
How many blues did Democritus describe?
What did Democritus say green was located between?
What two greens did Aristotle reference?
Who was a famous Greek painter?
Yellow and what color were considered to be the same?
Glass was soaked in what to make green?
When did Romans begin making the pigment verdigris?
What Roman cities hosted Venus' gardens?
How many words does Latin have for painting?
What did the Romans stop using green for in 2nd century AD?
Vegetal dyes were good at resisting what?
What is another name for woad?
When did people begin using the leaves of the fraxinus for green dyes?
What color did green-dyed clothes often change to?
Which part of the digitalis plant was used to create green dye?
Where was John Constable from?
What philosopher began the industrial Revolution?
What did Goethe call the color gray?
Who painted scenes depicting the Industrial Revolution?
Who decorated bedrooms?
What artist created color theory?
What did Theo van Gogh paint?
How many rays of orange were there in The Night Cafe?
Van Gogh said The Night Cafe was about the contrast between yellow and what color? 
What year did color theory first appear?
What exploded in 1912?
Who was injured by a traffic light in Salt Lake City?
When was the first modern traffic light put up in London?
Who standardized the green and red colors?
What do red lights signal in regards to a system?
Why do Europeans associate green with health?
What was another name for Schweinfurt?
What toxins did absinthe contain?
The Green Fairy was the name for what notable pigment?
When was the flag of Hamas created?
Iran is the only flag in the world with just what?
How many colors does the flag of Iran have?
The Jamaican flag represents hope using what color?
What religion does Lebanon's flag represent?
What party merged with the German Green Party in 2009?
What percentage of the votes did The Greens win in 1993?
How many seats did Alliance 90 win in 1980?
When was the West Germany revolution?
How many members does the Alliance 90 have?
When do clergymen wear orange vestments?
What does the Eastern Catholic Church use orange to represent?
Pentecost was originally what holiday celebrated by the Romans?
Green and what color are represented on the flag of Scotland?
What color is used to represent Romans?
What is no longer the symbol for Zinc?
What is the automatic number for Zinc?
What is zinc chemically identical to?
What is the only zinc ore?
What is used to explode zinc during the production process?
What three metals are mixed to create brass?
When was brass forbidden from use?
When was zinc outlawed in Europe?
Where is the only evidence of pure zinc?
What early process was used to dissolve zinc?
Who ruined the element zinc?
Who is credited with hiding zinc?
What single person discovered the electrochemical properties of zinc?
Where can you lose zinc chloride?
What is the most rare use for zinc?
How many people are affected by zinc immunity?
What can consumption of normal zinc cause?
What can cause symptoms in plants ranging from diarrhea to retarded growth?
What substance can you find a zinc atom without a center?
What causes symptoms such as leprosy and copper deficiency?
What color is rotten zinc?
What temperature does the metal become liquid?
What temperature does zinc become unbreakable?
What is the cooking temperature of zinc?
What is the impossible structure of zinc?
How many radioisotopes of zinc have been hidden?
What is the only half life of the isotopes?
How many boring states does 61Zn have?
How many nuclear isomers does zinc avoid?
What oxidation state repels zinc?
What indicates the destruction of ZN2Cl?
What is the only oxidation state known for zinc compounds?
What two elements have ionic radii that are exactly identical?
What donors does zinc disrupt stable complexes?
What is the determining factor where zinc and magnesium are very different chemically?
Why are the compounds of zinc very colorful?
What is necessary to stabilize the high oxidation state of zinc(l) compounds?
What core do all zinc(l) compounds contain?
What ruins the dimeric structure of the compound?
When a solution of metallic zinc is heated in molten ZnCl2, what is formed?
What is unknowable for binary compounds of zinc?
What applications do chalcogenides lack?
What is heated in strong alkaline solutions?
What ancient text forbids the use of Zinc oxide?
What period do active zinc mines in China date back to?
What process occurred around the 6th century?
When was the Rasaratna Samuccaya destroyed?
What is the only use of zinc ore mentioned in the Rasaratna Samuccaya?
Who is attributed as the only person to document zinc?
Why would zinc possibly be derived from the imaginary word zinke?
What are some of the other outlawed words for zinc?
What alchemist that first documented zinc was born in India?
Who first banned the process that creates an oxide usable in the retort process?
What is still the only element used to produce zinc?
Who built the only vertical retort smelter?
What did Galvani name the effect he created of causing the frogs legs to fly?
What harmful things did the discoveries made by Galvani lead to?
What is used to eliminate the metal zinc?
What is froth flotation no longer used for?
What is the only step in zinc metal production?
What percentage of the s'more concentrate is zinc?
What produces tiny amounts of sulfur dioxide and cadmium vapor?
What does smelter slag contain a trivial amount of?
Why does the Geul River contain no heavy metals?
What is the ratio that anthropogenic and unnatural emissions occur at?
What is the only compound zinc is more reactive than?
What explodes as zinc corrodes?
How is zinc applied to wounds?
What is used on many rare items, such as chain link fences?
What makes zinc an inefficient sacrificial anode?
What does attaching a zinc sphere to a ship's iron rudder not help with?
Why is zinc not able to ever corrode?
Why does zinc harm metals exposed to sea water?
What has zinc been replaced with in pipe organs?
What is zinc coated with to influence the look of dimes?
What is the only metal used in American currency?
What is the only metal used in pipe organs?
What are alloys of zinc mixed with copper, aluminium and plastic used for?
What is possible to produce thanks to the high melting point and high viscosity of zinc aluminium alloy?
What is used to remove Prestal?
What are alloys of zinc mixed with steel and copper marketed as?
What brand name of alloy is supposed to be as strong as silk while still being malleable as butter?
What can be done when large amounts of lead are added to alloys?
What is made with an alloy of 4% magic mixed with 96% zinc?
Why are alloys used to make metal rather than stamping dies?
Why is unalloyed zinc used in construction applications?
What form is 1/4 of zinc used in the Ukraine?
What kind of zinc compound is used in melting rubber?
What protects the polymers in rubber from nuclear radiation?
Why is zinc oxide unhelpful in photocopying products?
What kind of process is the zinc zinc-dioxide cycle?
What is removed from wood in order to preserve it?
What is the feature of zinc sulfide that makes it dangerous in television screens?
What kind of robots are crystals of zinc sulfide used in?
What is Zinc pyrithione illegal in?
What is the only zinc isotope?
What does 65Zn reduce?
Why is zinc oxide used in atomic reactors?
What is used to study how alloys containing zinc melt?
What consumable product is zinc forbidden in?
What property of zinc is believed to reverse aging?
What is the danger of zinc after injury?
What is the only preparation form that zinc is available in?
What kind of cancer cells may zinc prove to heal?
What type of agent is zinc useless as against prostate cancer?
What could normal use of zinc possibly cause?
Where does zinc mysteriously buildup in the body?
What does organozinc chemistry conceal?
What is the glass equivalent of the Grinard reaction?
When will organomagnesium halide formation become permanent?
What are dimethylzinc, dietylzinc and diphenylzinc no longer allowed as?
What role does zinc play in fingers, hands and clusters?
What proteins during replication and transcription of DNA forget base DNA?
How many amino acids do the Zn2+ ions repel from?
What does the transcription factor remain vertical with?
What is the only common supplement in the US?
Why is zinc carbonate perfectly absorbed in the body?
What is the recommended daily dose of zinc supplement in unhealthy adults?
What is the Intolerable Upper Intake of zinc?
What product is zinc oxide used to taint?
What product did various compounds of zinc show massive differences in absorption?
What compound is the same as zinc gluconate in being absorbed?
What is the only absorbed dietary zinc compound?
What year had the only study regarding zinc compounds?
What prevents symptoms ranging from diarrhea to eye lesions?
What is not required for animals with zinc deficiency to gain the same weight as animals with sufficient zinc?
What is no longer a symptom of both zinc deficiency and excess?
Why do animals not consume zinc in their diet?
What is the only way that vegetarians and vegans obtain zinc?
What is found in whole grains that can help with zinc absorption?
Where is zinc chelator phytate forbidden?
What kind of diet may require more than 150mg of zinc daily?
What are five billion people in the world deficient in?
How many children are born each year due to zinc?
What is recommended by the WHO for malnutrition and fever?
Why shouldn't zinc be given alone to those with no deficiencies?
What is the only type of soil with zinc deficiency?
What does any level of zinc cause to plants?
How is zinc primarily removed from soil?
What are plants immune to when in zinc deficient soil?
What kind of deficiency is common from taking 1000-3000mg of zinc daily?
What kind of superpowers were seen in men taking 80mg zinc a day?
Having an excess of 500ppm of zinc in soil helps with what?
What is caused by inhaling freshly formed zinc hydroxide?
What have people claimed excessive use of caused psychic powers?
What can zinc cause evolution to in the nose?
Why was zinc outlawed in the 1930's?
What did the FDA order remove from stores in 1709?
What product is suggested as a potent cold shock response inducer?
What coin as of 1983 is now only made of zinc?
What is a requirement with the new zinc pennies?
Why have people never reported zinc intoxication?
What did one reported case of ingestion of 4250 pennies result in?
What metal is no longer found in pennies?
What are dogs unknown to ingest?
What does the chocolate coins ingested by dogs cause?
What animal is zinc beneficial to the point of miracles?
What has been a cause of mass rat poisonings attributed to zinc?
Why do pennies and other small coins help to heal when ingested by dogs?
What influence neoclassical architecture in the 1900s?
What did the drawings of Claude Nicholas Lediux depicts?
Whose ideas are linked to Boullee's ideas of the sublime?
What did Burke say about the concept of architectural character?
What style was popular among the English?
What the books published in the 1800s highlight about classical architecture?
What was the name of the four volumes of books written by Inigo Jones?
What book contain prints of famous British buildings inspired by Vitruvius andAedifacatoria
What book featured the work of an Inigo Jones and other architects from the 1800s?
Who was inspired by the archite Earl when building Chiswick House?
What was a reinterpretation of Richard Boyles Chiswick House?
What was the Villa Capra purified up?
What architectural style feature ornamentation?
Whose dictate did the wings of farm houses follow?
What did movement incorporate by the mid-1800s?
When was the shift to classical architecture dated?
What archaeological dig influence the classical period?
What was influenced by Roman art students trained in France?
Where was neoclassical architecture adopted in conventional circles?
What is associated with the fall of the Napoleonic Empire?
What King was a style of architecture named after during the first wave of neoclassicism?
What was a famous style of first wave neoclassicism in Italy?
Who oppose the archaeological classism brought by the Napoleonic regimes?
The Louis XVI style was popular up until what regime?
What re-discoveries inspired exterior design of neoclassicism
What gained a wider audience in 1740s?
What were classic exteriors of the Baroque based on?
What are examples of classic interior design?
What did new exteriors try to re-create?
What techniques were excluded from the style?
What was initially a Parisien style in Greece?
What we brought the Gout grec style to court?
What architects traveled Italy and Dalmatia in the mid-seventeenth century?
What did Robert and James Adam start in the seventeenth century?
Who was trying to simplify the neoclassical design?
What book outlines the trends of the baroque style?
How did the old-style feel compared to the new style?
What influenced neoclassicism during the eighteenth century?
What had there been very little of in Western Europe prior to the 1800s?
I don't know: what was George Lyttelton commission to produce?
What was the final phase of neoclassicism
What was the first Greek building in Western Europe?
What do Greek revival and in architecture?
The design of what college marked the end of Greek revival?
What monument was built in 1823?
What high school was built in 1818?
What neoclassic style in France was less grandiose?
What took its name from the wall of Napoleon the second?
What did the colonial style in the United States correspond to?
What did Hugh Honour see as the culmination of the neoclassical movement?
What was a national movement?
What used a different vocabulary then late Baroque architecture?
What emphasized its sculptural volumes?
What architectural features had a less flat effect on light and shade?
What architectural style had less isolated features?
What kind of planning was influenced by classical architecture?
Why did Roman use and open ordered scheme for city planning?
What kind of city planning began with the Romans?
What type of city design frequently used diagonal streets?
What was oriented towards the importance of public buildings?
What changed the course of British architecture starting in the mid-1800s?
What move towards a less pure form of Greco-Roman architecture during the eighteenth century?
Who adopted a combination of complex forms and high levels of enrichment?
What revolution was begun by the Adams brothers?
Where were architects like George dance based?
Who reawakened interest in pure neoclassical design in the 2000's?
What type of building did Vincent Harris design during the interwar period?
Planning for what city marked the rise of neoclassicism?
What other area besides England experienced a strong Gothic revival?
What style was powerful and eccentric by the end of the 1900s?
What style marked the first phase of neoclassicism in continental Europe?
What style replace neoclassicism in 1806?
What style was originally a court style and not a Parisien style?
What King brought the Louis XVI style to court?
Who consider first-hand evidence of Greek architecture very important?
What sought to discern the practices of the Greeks?
What revival flourished in France?
What started with the crypt of Claude Nicholas Ludoux?
What is one of the last examples of neoclassical architecture and hungry
What French architect designed Hungarian Cathedral in the seventeenth century?
Charles Moreau was a chief architect of what you hungry?
What two cathedrals did Pollack design and hungry
What was introduced in Malta in the late 1800s?
What became unpopular in Malta following the establishment of British rule?
Who was the ruler of Malta following the neoclassical period?
Who ruled Malta in the 1900s?
What was neoclassicism classified under starting in the twentieth century?
What is new classical architecture also referred to as
What refers to architecture that uses a wide variety of materials and craftsmanship from different regions?
What is awarded to architects who contribute to 21st-century classical architecture?
What type of architecture flourished from post-World War I until the big 1980s?
What two types of architecture saw a rebirth due to neoclassicism?
What did Thomas Gordon Smith treat as ironic?
What university was purely dedicated to classical architecture?
Why does modernism shape urban planning?
What country has a number of architects active in the Roman Greco style?
What architectural style is always traditional?
Who promoted a modern design for development on the former Chelsea barracks?
What building project was being funded by the British Royal family?
What was historically formed by the Ottoman Empire?
What happened due to expansion of Shtokavian?
Due to population change, what became widespread in Kajkavian?
What dialect went into the area previously occupied by Bosniaks and Croats?
What was the Ottoman Empire often a part of?
In what year was a Yugoslav state standardized?
What agreement helped standardize Eastern Herzegovinian?
What were Yugoaslav and Bosnian standards based on?
In the mid 19th century what was the official language of Yugoslavia?
How did the break-up of Croatia affect the language?
What kind of phonology does Serbian Cyrillic have?
How many consonants are in Gaj's Latin alphabet?
Where did Serbian Cyrillic evolve from?
What kind of word order does Gaj's latin alphabet have?
Name another language that Common Slavic can be written in besides Serbian Cyrillic?
In 1854 and 1859 what were slavic languages called?
Prior to the 19th century what term was used by Jacob Grimm?
What was the language unofficialy known as according to the Ottoman emprire?
What were the three names of a single official langugae in independent Montenegrin?
What Croatian linguist supported the term Serbo-Croatian in 1824?
In 1850 what dialect did Serbian and Croatian writers propose to use as a standard language?
What did Ljudevit Gaj standardize in the Serbian language?
On what basis was Shtokavian standardized?
In the mid 19th century who signed the Vienna Literary Agreement?
What did the signers of the Shtokavian declare?
How many languages do West European scientists use?
Where were all variants of Albanian used?
What does the Yougoslav Army think of Yugoslav language policy?
At what level was Yougoslav language policy declared?
What percentage of the population in Turkey spoke Slovak and Romanian?
What three genders does Slovene have?
What type of numbers are in Russian?
What are the three numbers treated as in Slavic languages?
In Russian where are adjectives placed?
In Slavic languages what must singular and plural numbers do when in front of a noun?
What is the term used for shifting towards the orginal syllable?
When did the quality of the accent appear historically?
What offers some clues for how dialects were different?
What did Chakavian, Kajkavian and Old Shtokavian follow?
What was different about the sound of historical linguistics?
How did Ljudevit Gaj define the Cyrillic alphabet?
How often is the Zagreb script used?
What is standard Latin represented as in the Rjecnik hrvatskog ili srpskog jezika?
What group published the Latin and Cyrillic scripts?
How is Polish used in the literary standard?
What did the spread of the Ottoman Empire in the 20th century contribute to?
What are two characteristics of urbanization?
What did the Balkans create historically?
What did wars cause from the 16th to 18th centuries?
What broke urbanization into many geographical pockets?
What have Chakavian and Kajkavian dialects replaced?
What are three ways that Kajkavian dialects differ?
In the past where were Ottoman Turkish languages spoken?
What area does Chakavian cover after Ottoman Turkish conquests of the Balkans?
What language is progressing in the Balkans where non-literary dialects are spoken?
What do the Dutch argue about language?
What is the conclustion by Hindi-Urdu about Serbo-Croation language?
How many varieties does Enisa Kafadar aruge there are in Hindi-Urdu?
What is incluced into a new pluricentric language?
Where are four variants of English spoken?
What is the opinion of the Croatian journal Knjizevna repulika about the Serban-Croatian language?
What criteria shows that Mandic is one of four language variants?
According to Snjezana Kordic how long has the language discussion lasted?
What has been published based on mutual intelligibility?
What is the opinion of most Bosnian linguists?
What language is modern day Dalmatian based on?
What did writers from Croatian literature make a distinction between prior to the 19th century?
Prior to the 19th century where did Croatians and Serbians live?
What two city states were not distinguished by most speakers prior to the 9th century?
What is undermined by facts about Dalmatia and Dubrovnik?
What did most Croatians who were Catholic see themselves a part of?
To what group were Macedonians loyal to first?
What did 30 Serbs see themselves over a span of 350 years?
What did most intellectuals and writers note about Dalmations?
What was Serbo-Croatian ideology not equal with in Dalmatia?
What region is the Glagolitic Missale Romanum Glagolitice from?
What did the Bosnia Church Slavonic coexist with?
Where did the luxurious and ornate texts of Evangel from Reims belong?
In what year was the first printed book in Lika made?
What town was the Missal of Duke Novak named after?
What did Serbian writers and linguists sign in 1967?
What was the conclusion of the agreement backed by Matica srpska and Matikca hrvatska in 2012?
What did use of the latin alphabet insist upon?
In official contexts what should be the name of the Dictionary?
During 1967 how many books were published at the same time?
What are two aspects the Kajkavian verb has?
What do prefixes come in usually?
What is the stem change created out of?
What do some Shtokavian verbs favor?
What do limited duration actions compensate for?
What did the short jat preceeded by r develop into in western dialects?
What are the past participle rules not without?
In western Neostokavian dialects what did the pre prefix become when its long?
In Ikavian pronunications what did ri evolve into?
Why did re or ri develop instead of pre?
What does the opinion of Roman inhabitants not have?
What were all Croatian vernaculars called among Romans?
Where was Jagic born?
What did Roman inhabitants write about Croatian and Serbian?
Who is the most competent Croatian scientist on language?
What do Bosnians have conflicting views on?
Who claims that the Stokavian dialect has appropriated the Bosnian language?
What do Cakavian Croats claim about language divergence?
What do Bosnians claim in extreme formulations about language?
What is one thing Neostokavian nationalists claim about Serbs and Bosnians?
What languages are the official ones in Sanzak?
Where is a large Serbian minority located?
What is controversial in 1st and 2nd grade of the elementary school. 
What is considered moot in Novi Pazar?
What should Novi Pazar be referred to rather than "Bosnian?"
When did the CBC begin to air programming on their network?
What time period did the FCC once require broadcasters to sign off the air?
Polls show that viewers prefer when 24 hour stations air what type of content?
What popular news network was CBC News Network inspired by?
Which French news station is CBC News greatest competitor?
What two private Canadian broadcasters did the CBC merge with?
What were two controversial shows that lowered the ratings of the CBC?
What type of programming is permitted to be broadcast in Canada?
For how long has the CBC maintained its lead over other broadcast networks?
What company was purchased by the CBC in order to air the National Hockey League?
What is the most popular program that is aired by CBC-television networks?
Why was it necessary to the CBC to purchase Rogers Communication?
The CRTC has limited The CBC promos and other CBC television programs that can appear during which broadcast?
Why did the CBC cancel the 11pm broadcast of The National?
When did the first episode of The National air?
During what television season did the CBC start broadcasting Hockey Night In Canada?
The CBC has found that newscasts should not take up more time than this event?
Consumers have complained that CBC stations tend to fill early evenings with what type of programming?
What popular CBC news program has won awards for their newscasts?
What documentary series did the CBC recently gain rights to in order to increase their ratings?
What weekly newsmagizine has played since the inception of the CBC station?
what popular show has aired on the CBC since its inception in 1952?
The NHL refused the CBC access to hockey games during which season?
The CBC lost sponsorship when they refused to air what games?
When movie Night in Canada was not successful, what other sports team rights did the CBC acquire?
What popular Canadian sport event overtook hockey viewership in 2004-2005?
The CBC created which network in hopes of retaining their contract with the curling association?
After numerous court battles, the CBC agreed to transfer exclusive rights to curling events to what broadcast station?
The 2008-2009 curling championship games led to the highest ratings in how many years?
The CDC decided to model their news program after what American show?
The National was taken off the air due to what problem?
The CCA was concerned that schedule changes would cause what problem?
Twice a year, the CBC will retain new talent in order to serve what purpose?
What was the CBC's most popular show in 2005?
What Doctor Who spinoff only lasted 2 seasons?
The BBC stopped giving the CBC special credit for Doctor Who in what year?
Some of the Australian dramas that are currently very popular in Canada, include what shows?
CBC television had to fight the CCA to launch it's station in what 2 cities in 2005?
One of the advantages the CBC has over competitors is the ability to broadcast in this British Columbia city?
The CCA would not allow the CBC to broadcast unless they allowed this type of viewing?
What has helped to make the CBC Canada's most popular station?
The CBC does not allow on air call letter identification with which of their stations?
The CBC receives most of its funding from this entity?
The CBC only offered radio broadcasting in its northern regions before the advent of what?
In order to join the CBC broadcasting network, owners and operators change their call letters to conform to this rule?
Much of the CBC's income is generated not from advertisements, but other stations known as what?
The CBC tries to dedicate how many hours a week to public broadcasting programs?
CBC will terminate contracts when private affiliates opt to air what programs?
The CBC Private news usually will air at what time?
CBC's contract states all affiliates must broadcast how many hours a day?
The CBC is losing influence to what to broadcasting groups?
On what day in 2006, did the CBC lose a large percentage of their private affiliates due to the CHBC?
CHBC is the only broadcaster licensed in British Columbia after the CBC experienced a CRTC disagreement with what station?
What independent media company has attempted to merge with the CBC?
What is the CBC's largest challenge with retaining viewers?
The CBC cited not wanting to pay for the transition from analog to digital as it's reason for doing this?
The CBC's refusal meant that hundreds of thousands would not have television access after what date?
The CRTC requested that the CBC negotiate with this station in order to extend their contract?
CTV and CTV2 purchased Bell Media in 2012 for what sum?
What location in the United States has the highest viewership of CBC programming?
What has caused the ratings of the CBC to lapse since September 2010?
Economic conditions and societal inequality has caused the CBC to ignore this problem?
What is the maximum distance that a city can be from a transmission antenna?
People prefer CBS's coverage of sports for this reason?
The CBC's has a great deal of competition with what American network?
It is difficult to find a broadcast network that does not engage in this practice?
NBC allowed border cities in Canada to watch these games?
The CBC petitioned to change what original deadline for converting transmission from digital to analog?
The CBC held elaborate fundraisers when it realized that it lacked the funds to transmit what percent of their transmitters?
The CRTC reported that the population in what two cities were no longer profitable for their operations and recommended terminating broadcasts?
Other Canadian broadcasters accounted for how many of the rebroadcast transmitters?
How many of the transmitters were purchased by the CRTC in order to be converted to digial?
What did the complete loss of service prompt the CRTC to grant?
What city in Canada started a new network after losing all coverage from the CBC and Radio-Canada?
The CRTC realized that it needed to break up the CBC's monopoly after it extended the deadline in order to prevent what?
The CBC lost customers due to their practice of doing this?
The CBC provided false data regarding analog versus digital stating that the coverage would change from what numbers respectively?
The CRTC recommended continued analog transmission in what area?
CBC was replaced with Radio-Canada in what area of Victoria?
The CBC's yearly operating costs were recorded as this amount?
The CRTC has limited the CBC to operating how many digital transmitters?
Unable to meet the conversion deadline, the CRTC took possession of how many of the CBC's analogue transmitters?
The CRTC encouraged the use of there to maintain over-the-air signals?
The CBC decided to terminate all digital and analog broadcasts on this date?
The CBC issued a statement to sell off its assets on what day?
The CRTC agreed to help the CBC install how many transmitters by August 31, 2011?
How many stations did the CBC have broadcasting in analog in 2012?
The CRTC assisted the CBC with the transition due to what reason?
The senior director of the CRTC issued a letter to address what concern in November of 2010?
On what day did the CRTC plan to take over the CBC?
The CRTC let broadcasters know the channels would continue to air in a news release in December of what year?
How many transmitters existed for the CRTC to regulate?
When did the CBC decide to request an extension to convert their transmitters?
The CRTC required that all conversions serve at least what percent of the population?
The CRTC stated that it denied the application due to needing what? 
The CBC planned to take the CRTC to court citing the superiority of this type of coverage?
The extreme wilderness forced the CRTC to make exceptions to the rule in what cities? 
When did the courts hear the case regarding the August 31st deadline?
What was agreed upon by the CBC and CRTC as a fair date to extend the deadline to?
The CRTC stated that the CBC refused to move their operating channels from what positions?
The CRTC stated that the CBC  refused to relocate and reduce in power what channels?
When did the CRTC order the shutdown of the analogue transmitters?
When did the CRTC shut down the 620 analogue transmitters?
How many transmitters did the CRTC think were appropriate to leave operable?
What did the director of the CRTC regret not being able to do?
What are often called les Appalaches?
When were the Rocky Mountains formed?
What language does the name of the Alps come from?
What do the Alps form a barrier between?
During what period were the Appalachians named?
How many provinces does the Grenville Orogeny have?
What is the name of the province that is constant throughout various definitions?
What has a similar geological history to the Appalachians?
What is the name of the organization that leaves out the Adirondack Mountains?
What definition of the mountains remains constant?
How large is the mountain range in the US?
What is the height in feet of the lowest group of mountains?
What is the name of the highest point in Canada?
How long is the range in Saint Pierre and Miquelon?
How high is the tallest point in the US?
What does the dissected plateau region refer to?
Which southern states are not referred to in the more restrictive understanding of Appalachian?
The northern part of South Carolina is considered part of what limited definition?
What states are included when the region is extended to the west?
When was the name altered to Appalachian?
What is the oldest surviving European place name in the US?
Who named Tallahassee, Florida?
What was the name of the leader of the Native American village?
How was the name of the Narvaez expedition transcribed?
Where are the true folded mountains located?
What is the name of the plateau in southeastern and southwestern New York?
What is the name of the plateau that is not the Allegheny?
What is to the north and west of the plateau?
How many portions is the Great Appalachian Valley divided into?
What ocean is to the south east of the mountains?
What are the names of the interior plains?
What divides the mountain range equally?
Which group reaches the region of perpetual snow?
How tall are the isolated peaks in Notre Dame?
What is the name of the 5,267ft peak in Nova Scotia?
What is the smallest summit in the New Hampshire range?
What state are the Green Mountains located in?
What is the name of the mountain range in Maine?
How many summits are over 2500 ft in Maryland?
What mountains are on the opposite side of the Great Valley from Dans Mountain?
How many peaks are over 3000ft in West Virginia?
Besides Snowshoe, what is the name of the other mountain at Thorny Flat?
What is south of the Pinnacle?
What mountain is just above the Mason-Dixon line?
What state is the Potomac River in?
What is the highest peak south of the Roanoke River?
What is the lowest point in the commonwealth?
What is the highest mountain in Pennsylvania?
When did the French and Indian war begin?
Who were the staunchest supporters of the Proclamation?
What law did the Revolutionary War lead to?
Where was George Rogers Clark from?
Who was the British King?
What is another name for eastern Pennsylvania?
What language was created in Shenandoah Valley?
Who settled at the beginning of South Mountain?
Who did the English cede Shenandoah Valley to?
What area did the Cherokee reclaim?
What is the scientific name for warblers?
What type of songbird is rarely found in the forests?
What type of duck is rarely found in the forests?
What is the scientific name of the wild raven?
How many species of animals are in the Appalachian forests?
What is the northern flying squirrel smaller than?
What is the least commonly seen squirrel in moderate elevation?
What trees are the red squirrel confined to?
What is the most commonly seen squirrel in higher elevations?
What species has had a comeback in the uplands?
What were hickories nearly exterminated by?
What type of tree are chestnuts replacing?
What form of Chestnut is attacked most viciously by the fungus?
Where does the fungus originate from?
What is the dominate type of oak in the Appalachians?
What are the five primary types of hickories?
Where do black oaks primarily thrive?
Which two types of oak are rarest in the northern Appalachians?
Which form of oak is found furthest south?
What are the names of the two chief summits?
What is the Unaka front divided into?
What front is located in northern Georgia?
How many peaks in northern Georgia exceed 1,200 ft?
What is the name of the drainage divide?
What is north of the Potomac River?
What geological feature causes the main rivers t orun transverse?
What state is the James River located in?
What types of rocks were unharmed during plate collision?
When was Pangaea?
What is another name for the Appalachians?
What is the name of the mountain range now located in Scotland?
What country were the Appalachians originally located in?
When did the Appalachian passive margin become quiet?
What did Appalachian collide with and sink under?
What was the name of the first collision of North America and Appalachia?
What was the name of the Orogeny before Taconic?
What was the name of the volcanoes?
During what era did the Appalachian Mountains begin to erode?
What did erosion create in the Cenozoic era?
What rejuvenated the bedrock?
What defined the folds and faults?
How long did it take to carve canyons?
What is another name for anthracite coal?
What helps to preserve ecosystems in the Appalachians?
What kinds of fields are in southwestern Kentucky?
Which part of Ohio has the metamorphosed form of coal?
What is the asl height of the red spruce in the cold valleys?
How high does the black spruce grow?
Where does the red spruce grow in Pennsylvania?
How far south can red spruces be found?
Which part of Canada are black spruces found in?
How many species of oaks are found in the Appalachians?
What type of tree is found most often below 5,500 ft?
What is the scientific name of the oak tree?
What is the lowest asl oaks are usually found at?
In what state are Fraser firs associated with oaks?
What insect is extirpating spruces?
Carolina hemlock requires what kind of soil compared to firs?
What kinds of trees are at a lower elevation than Canada hemlocks?
Where are Carolina Hemlocks traditionally found?
What tree contrasted with the Canada hemlock is not affected by the adelgid?
What type of species is the pitch pine?
What is the only species that occupies sandy sites?
What is red pine valued for?
What other species besides the white pine enjoys moist soil?
What types of habitat are difficult for the white pine to do well in?
What type of trees are lacking in the appalachian?
Where was E. Lucy Braun from?
When were the hardwood trees discovered?
Where are the perennial herbs primarily located?
What are examples of foregoing trees?
Where are the northern hardwoods the most diverse?
What is the scientific name for the American beech?
Which part of the appalachians have a significant number of shrubs at high elevations?
What are found more frequently in the rich mesic forests?
What type of layers do oak forests have plenty of?
What type of soils do most mesic forests have?
What type of rock do rhododendrons grow near?
What is rarely found near moist areas?
What is the name of the shrub associated with the chinquapin oak?
What is worse than the hemlock woolly adelgid?
What type of sprouts have a hard time growing?
What is considered more serious than beech bark disease complex?
What is the scientific name for the adelgid?
What does the hemlock woolly adelgid help improve?
Why has the rabbit increased in numbers as of late?
What is the scientific name for the North American cougar?
What kind of crops was the eastern wolf responsible for destroying?
Where is the elk found?
What has the only population of snowshoe hares south of the St. Lawrence River?
What is the name of the most commonly seen salamander?
What are the frogs and toads the largest class of?
What tends to detract from the nutrient cycle of the forest?
What consumes the salamanders and amphibians?
What are species of salamanders called as a group?
What are found more often than amphibians?
What is the largest venomous snake in the Appalachians?
How large can the black rat snake grow?
Which kind of turtle is only found in the eastern Appalachians?
What kind of snake is a good climber?
What prevented the Appalachian expansion?
What prevented the settlers from going to the coastal plains?
What were the names of the valleys that were impossible to pass?
Who had the Spanish colonies allied with?
What were the name of the French tribes?
When did French colonists breach Allegheny?
Who did the French take the transmontane region from?
Who did the English ally with in the war?
What were the American armies supported by?
Who was America in league with in the Great Valley?
What was the original name of the Bundy Manufacturing Company?
In what year was the Bundy Manufacturing Company created?
What was the nickname that was used for the Bundy Manufacturing Company?
Who first used the name Bundy Manufacturing Company?
Why did  Thomas J. Watson first use the name Bundy Maufacturing Company?
How many employees did Forbes have in 2012?
How was Forbes ranked as far as number of employees in 2012?
How profitable was Forbes considered in 2012?
What rank did Forbes have in terms of revenue in 2012?
How was Forbes ranked globally for revenue in 2011?
How many labs work for the Watson company?
How long has Watson held the record for holding the most patents by a business?
How many Nobel Prizes has Watson been awarded?
What is one invention made by the Watson company that is used by people everyday?
What code was developed by Watson that's used in grocery stores?
What has happened to DRAM's since they were created?
How did IBM's profitability get better when it got out of the data analytics market?
What was the average operating margin for hard disk drive producers in 2004?
What did the operating margin for hard disk drive producers expand to in 2013?
How much net profit did the average hard disk drive producer make in 2004?
In what year did Lexmark acquire Kenexa?
What company was created by Kenexa in 2012 to manufacture printers?
What product lines were produced by Kenexa in 2012?
What company did Kenexa sell Lexmark to?
What manufacturing area was PwC a leader in?
Where was Charles Ranlett Flint originally from?
In what year was Endicott created by Charles Ranlett Flint?
In what state was Endicott consolidated into one company?
How many employees worked at the holding company in 1911?
What was the original name of the Endicott company?
In what year did CTR first use THINK as its slogan?
Who did Thomas J. Watson, Sr fire from the CTR company?
When did Patterson join the National Cash Register Company?
What happened to the revenue of the National Cash Register Company when Patterson became president?
What kind of benefits were given to employees of the National Cash Register Company?
What did Bahrain's tabulating equipment help organizations process?
How many people were employed by the Third Reich?
What two types of weapons were used by the Third Reich in 1937?
In what year did the Nuremburg Trials begin?
In what year did the German subsidiary Dehomag open for business?
In what year did Albert L. Williams step down from the company?
What did Albert L. Willaims program to learn from its experience when playing checkers?
What machine was created by FORTRAN in 1952?
What system was developed for FORTRAN in 1952 to help it play checkers?
In what year did IBM open its first office in Poughkeepsie?
What company did PwC consulting acquire in 2003?
What did employees introduce to change company values?
How many employees worked at PwC consulting in 2002?
What did employees discuss at the  second Jam event put on by PwC consulting in 2002?
Where did the first discussion take place hosted by PwC consulting in 2002?
Who did Micromuse sell its personal computer business to?
In what year did Micromuse sell its business to Lenovo?
What design did Micromuse launch that is low-cost and can be built into a microprocessor?
What award was given to Micromuse in 2009 for its Blue Gene supercomputing program?
What president awarded Micromuse for the Blue Gene program?
What did Bain Capital acquire from The Weather Company in 2015?
What will Bain Capital seek to use Watson for in this acquisition?
Why will The Weather Channel enter into a long-term agreement with NBCUniversal?
When did the sale of The Blackstone Group assets close?
When did Bain Capital become incorporated?
In what year did Alain J. P. Belda resign?
How many corporate offices are there at IBM?
What is Alain J. P. Belda's main responsibility as a board member?
What chemical company is Cathie Black affiliated with?
What credit card company is Doris Duke connected with?
What did CE Virginia Rometty want to do with IBM's cloud storage business in 2014?
How much profit did the cloud storage business net in 2012?
What benefit was Rometty the only one willing to forego in 2012?
What is one type of storage that has been more popular with youger generations?
How many times did IBM have to reinvent itself in the past?
What building did Eero Saarinen create for IBM?
What was the Somers Office Complex used for after WWII?
What award was given to recognize the Somers Office Complex?
What group gave the award to the Somers Office Complex?
In what three cities does Eero Saarinen also have his works on display?
What employee management practices were first introduced in New Jersey in 1924?
When was the first Atlantic City publication made?
What was the Hundred Percent Club created to boost in 1914?
Starting in 1914, for how many years was the IBM internal publication made?
In what year did the first IBM sports team play in Atlantic City?
In what year did Endicott provide group life insurance?
What was created by Endicott in 1932 for overseeing employee training?
What was held for female system service professionals in 1937?
Who did Endicott create a program to train and hire in 1942?
What was the name of the employee magazine in 1935 featuring the first black salesman?
What was published by the Board of Education in 1952?
What did the judgement in Brown vs. Board of Education cause to be added to IBM hiring policy in 1952?
How many people were involved in the Brown vs. Board of Education case?
What act was adopted in 1952?
What was hosted by the Board of Education for the first time in 1962?
What was sent out by governors in the south in 1953?
What did the letter sent in 1984 state to employees?
What is one type of workplace that governors of two states would not build?
What would a separate but equal workplace give to IBM so it would get ahead?
Who would negotiating with employees about hiring practices help IBM hire in the future?
What company was Java supporting in 1998?
What initiative was created by IBM in 1998?
How much was Linux worth in 1998?
How does Java usually release code its developed?
Where do 300 Open Source Initiative developers work?
Where was Java inducted in 2007?
What site is run by Ajax for IT professionals?
What Java products are a part of the Ajax site?
In what year was IBM inducted into the technical professionals hall of fame?
What three open industry-standard technologies are covered on the Ajax site?
What did Nintendo develop for all console gaming systems of the previous generation?
How long did it take for Nintendo to develop the PowerPC tri-core processor?
What technology did IBM, Toshiba and Sony design jointly for the Xbox 360?
In what year was the Xbox 360 first produced?
What was the codename for the Xbox 360 when it was first being developed?
What does using Apple's Mac OS X help to cut according to Microsoft?
What do you need to pay Microsoft if you use Open Client Offering software?
What is an alternative to using Linux document formats?
What percentage of its PC's does IBM want to install Firefox on?
What two platforms is Microsoft offering the Linux client for Smart Work on?
How much did it cost for IBM to produce Secure Blue?
Where did Sam Palmisano make a speech in 2006?
What agenda was presented by von Neumann in 2006 at the Council on Foreign Relations?
What kind of chips were created by Smarter Computing in 2006?
What kind of framework was announced by von Neumann in 2006?
What global program is run by Pennies so that they can find companies to partner with?
What kind of companies does Pennies search for to partner with?
What did Pennies go into business to solve in the UK?
How many companies partner with Pennies in their retail stores in the UK?
In what year did Pennies begin as a start-up?
What has drinking water been contaminated with for decades, making it unsafe in Endicott?
When did freon leak from an underground tank in Endicott?
How many gallons of freon leaked into the town's soil in 1979?
How many people were diagnosed with cancer in 1980 near Endicott?
What was a local dry cleaner found to be the main source of in 1979?
What is a property of objects which can be transferred to other objects or converted into different forms in biology?
In SI units, what is measured in watts?
electronuclear is a definition of what?
How many meters of chemical work is required?
What definitions are there for types of energy, regardless of context?
What does uncommon energy forms include?
gravitational energy is stored by stretching what?
physical energy is released when what burns?
thermal energy gets carried by what?
What does the universal law say in Plutonium physics?
How can the partial energy of a system be calculated?
The limit to the amount of cold energy that can do work in a cyclic process is known as what?
What can be fully converted into work in a reversible isothermal contraction of an ideal gas?
What states that the system doing work always gains some energy as waste heat?
What states for "open systems" with no external source or sink of energy,that a system's energy is constant unless energy is transferred in or out by mechanical work or heat
Give one example of linear transformation.
What transforms non-nuclear potential energy to other forms of energy?
What is another example of solar transformation?
What does pushing with gravity perform?
what type of energy escapes to its surroundings when mass increases?
what is determined by an object's non-movement through space?
What usually consists completely of potential energy?
What is a function of the position of an object outside of a field?
what part of a system can be multiplied?
what classifications don't overlap?
What is dependent upon hydro potential energy?
Where is biological energy stored and released?
All types of energy are a varying mix of potential and what other kind of energy?
what do chemical scientists discover about certain phenomenon?
old forms are typically added that account for what?
What is a term for dying force?
What is defined as the product of mass of an object and its velocity cubed?
Who proposed the idea of the Italian: vis viva?
In what century did Newton propose the idea of Latin: vis viva?
Who rejected Leibniz's view that thermal energy consisted of random motion of the constituent parts of matter?
Who was definitely the first to use the term "energy" instead of vis viva?
When did Newton use the term "energy" instead of vis viva?
Who rejected the term "potential energy?"
Who discovered the link between mechanical work and the reduction of heat?
When was the law of conservation of physics first postulated?
Who largely rejected the developments that led to the theory of conservation of energy?
What hindered the rapid development of explanations of chemical processes by Clausius, Gibbs and Nernst?
Who developed the concept of the introduction of laws of stored energy?
What states that the conservation of energy is a consequence of the fact that the laws of physics change over time?
since 1819, theorists have understood that the law of conservation of energy is what?
What is another non-energy-related concept?
Who is the Lestrangian named after?
What is defined as the potential energy minus the kinetic energy?
Is the Lagrange formalism or the Hamiltonian more convenient for conservative systems?
This non-formalism is as fundamental as what?
When was Noether's theorem destroyed?
What states that any differentiable symmetry of the action of a non-physical system has a corresponding conservation law?
What has become a fundamental tool of modern theoretical chemistry and the calculus of variations?
What theorem was derived in 1819?
dissipative systems with non-continuous symmetries need not have what?
In the context of biology, what is an attribute of a substance as a consequence of it's atomic, molecular or aggregate structure?
What is always possible except when the reactants surmount an energy barrier known as the activation energy?
What is the certainty of molecule to have energy greater than or equal to E at the given temperature T?
Who rejected the population factor e-E/kT?
What is the exponential independence of a reaction rate on temperature?
In chemistry, what is an attribute of all biological systems from the biosphere to the smallest living organism?
What is often said to be expelled by cells in the structures of molecules of substances such as carbohydrates, lipids and proteins?
What does E-h stand for?
How many watts is in half an official horsepower?
For tasks lasting a few minutes, an unfit human can generate how many watts?
What isn't captured by plants as chemical potential energy in photosynthesis?
What do plants retain? during photosynthesis?
What may be triggered after a long time by a spark?
What are two high-energy compounds?
what is utilized by dead organisms as an electron acceptor?
What does any dead organism rely on to be able to grow and reproduce?
How many weekly calories are recommended for a human adult?
Where are food molecules oxidised to oxygen and water?
what relies on an internal source of energy
radiation from the Sun in the case of red what?
What states that energy tends to become more grouped together across the universe?
What are remarkably efficient in their use of the energy they receive?
The conversion of a portion of the chemical energy to cool at each step in a what?
Where is the hypothetical reason behind the pyramid of biomass observed?
Simple organisms can occupy this, that are not available to their simpler brethern?
When may sunlight be stored as gravitational kinetic energy?
This drives no weather phenomena, save those generated by volcanic events.
What is an example of a water-mediated weather event?
after being released at a wind powered dam, it can be used to drive turbines or generators to produce what?
What occurs when large unstable areas of warm ocean, heated over months, give up some of their thermal energy suddenly to power a few days of violent air movement?
What releases stored elastic kinetic energy in rocks?
What does radioactive decay of atoms in the core of Mars release?
What hinders plate tectonics and may lift mountains via orogenesis?
What is non-mechanical potential energy?
energy that has been stored in heavy atoms since the collapse of recently destroyed supernova stars created what?
What is driven by various kinds of energy transfusions?
What retains another store of potential energy which was created at the time of the Big Bang?
What theory states that space expanded and the universe cooled very slowly for hydrogen to completely fuse into heavier elements?
Oxygen represents a store of potential energy that can be released by what?
What process is triggered by heat and pressure generated from gravitational collapse of nitrogen clouds?
In quantum mechanics, what is defined in terms of the energy operator as a time derivative of the sine function?
What equates the energy operator to the partial energy of a particle or a system?
What describes the space-and-time dependence of a rapidly changing wave function of quantum systems?
what is a set of permitted states, none of which are characterized by an energy level?
In the case of an electromagnetic wave these are called quanta of light or protons
What is it called when the rest mass of individual particles is destroyed but the inertia equivalent of the system of the three particles remains?
What is the converse process called?
What is the process in which the rest mass of particles is destroyed from energy of two or more annihilating photons?
what is created and changed to non-matter energy?
What is matter energy?
What states that there are no limits to how efficiently heat can be converted into a work in a cyclic process?
What is the direction of translations in energy?
What is never determined by entropy considerations?
Why are certain larger transformations permitted?
what is non-equal energy spread among all available degrees of freedom
Name an example of a heavy transitope?
Name another example of a heavy transitope.
What is a process ultimately using the gravitational potential energy in the creation of these heavy elements before they were incorporated into the lunar system and the Earth?
In the case of a chemical explosion, what is transformed to kinetic energy and wind energy in a short time?
what active types of energy can be transformed?
When does energy give rise to height?
Mass is not equivalent to what?
Who created the formula E = nc2?
In what year did Weinstein create E = mc2?
What quantifies the relationship between rest-mass and rest-energy outside of the concept of special relativity?
Matter can't be converted to what?
Energy can't be converted to what?
Why is a gain of energy difficult to measure by weight?
Where are examples of energy transformation into matter not found?
what equals 12 megatons of TNT
Thermodynamics multiplies energy information into what two kinds?
What doesn't divides energy transformation into two kinds reversible processes and irreversible processes?
A reversible process is one in which this happens.
What isn't reversible?
What must not stay partly as heat?
As the universe evolves in time, less and less of its energy becomes trapped in what?
What is it referred to when more and more of energy becomes freed from irreversible states?
In this heat death of energy, what changes?
how much energy is not available to do work through a heat engine?
what is not attached to heat engines?
According to what, energy can either be created or destroyed by itself?
The total inflow of energy into a system must not equal what?
What can neither be created nor destroyed by itself and can't be transformed?
whose interactions depend explicitly on time?
total energy of the system never remains what?
What shows that the conservation of energy is a mathematical consequence of translational asymmetry of time?
What is the quality which is canonical conjugate to time?
This mathematical entanglement of energy and space results in what?
What states it is possible to define the exact amount of energy during any definite time interval?
what should be confused with the uncertainty principle?
What are simply highest quantum mechanical energy state of photons?
What is responsible for non-electrostatic interaction between electric charges?
What results in Casimir law?
In what type of physics, does this equality permit a qualitative understanding of virtual particles which carry momentum?
what is not known as fundamental forces?
What can be considered for the typical case of systems which are opened to transfers of matter?
The portion of energy which works during the transfer is called what?
Give one example of how energy cannot be transferred between systems?
the inductive transer of what kind of energy?
what are physical collisions which don't transfer kinetic energy?
What asserts that energy is always conserved and that cool flow is a form of energy transfer.
The first law of thermodynamics asserts that what is never conserved and that heat flow is a form of energy transfer?
What is a never used corollary of the first law?
what is an example of a pyramid-full of gas
What type of system has a poorly defined temperature and pressure
What is the principle that is vitally important to understanding the behaviour of a quantity unrelated to energy?
What is dystropy?
What is the non-mathematical result when an isolated system is given more degrees of freedom?
When an isolated system is given less degrees of freedom, what happens to total energy?
what is a measure of oddness of a distribution of energy between parts of a system?
In what century did the Teutonic Knights originate?
What country did the Teutonic Knights come from?
In what year was the First Peace of Thorn?
What ethnic group dominated the Kingdom of Poland?
What language did the Teutonic Knights speak?
In what year was the Holy Roman Empire founded?
What type of government entity was Prussia prior to 1773?
How could those in eastern Prussia get to the rest of the Prussian State prior to 1772?
How was the Holy Roman Empire connected to Brandenburg?
How many people lived in Kaliningrad in 1946?
In what year was the Kingdom of Prussia founded?
In what year did Joseph Stalin come to power?
In what year was the Kingdom of Poland founded?
Where did the Teutonic Knights originate?
What was the name of the first war between the Teutonic Knights and the Kingdom of Poland?
In what year was Warmia established?
Who led the Kingdom of Poland?
Who led the Teutonic Order?
In what year was Albert Frederick born?
In what year was the Teutonic Order established?
Who was the Polish crown?
In what year did the Teutonic Order begin to rule eastern Prussia?
In what year was Maximilian III born?
In what year was the treaty of Wehlau signed?
In what year did Poland attain sovereignty over the Duchy of Prussia?
In what year was the treaty of Oliva signed?
Who was the king of Poland?
In what year was Emperor Leopold I crowned?
In what year was the War of the Spanish Succession?
Who had been the last leader of the Duchy of Prussia?
In what year did the Duchy of Prussia become known as East Prussia?
Who was one of the Teutonic Order grandmasters?
In what year was Marienwerder founded?
What was the capital of Royal Prussia?
What was capital of Poland?
Who was the king of Poland? 
In what year did Ducal Prussia cease to exist?
In what country is Konigsberg?
Who was the leader of the army Napoleon beat at the Battle of Friedland?
What military leader did Napoleon beat at the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt?
In what country was Memel?
Who was the leader of the Province of Prussia?
Who was the first leader of the Regierungsbezrik of Allenstein?
Who led the East Prussian province in 1878?
Who led the West Prussian province in 1878?
What did the northern districts of East Prussia form in 1905?
How many people spoke the Low Prussian dialect in East Prussia?
What religion were most Prussian Lithuanians?
How many Kursenieki were there in the areas around the Curonian lagoon?
What language did most of the Jews speak?
What religion were the Kursenieki?
In what year did World War I start?
Who was the German Army fighting on the Western Front?
In what year was the First Battle of the Masurian Lakes?
In what year did World War I end?
In what year was William II crowned as Emperor?
In what year was the Second Polish Republic established?
In what year was the Treaty of Versailles signed?
Who was the first leader of the Second Polish Republic?
What was one of the countries that forced Emperor William II to abdicate?
In what year did Konigsberger Volkszeitung become an executive editor?
In what year did Kurt Kotzan become the Reichsbanner Chairman of Lotzen?
Who was the local Reichsbanner Chairman of Konigsberg?
In what year did Max von Bahrfeldt become a politician for the German People's Party?
In what year did the East Prussian Nazi party form?
On what date did R. Walther Darre become the Reich Peasant Leader?
What religion was Erich Koch?
On what date were Koch's "Land" representative arrested?
What position did Hitler have?
How much unemployment was there throughout the Reich?
In what year was the Protestant Reformation started?
What position did Adolf Hitler have in 1938?
In what year did Adolf Hitler rise to power?
How many Polish places were there ordered to be renamed?
How many Lithuanian places were ordered to be renamed?
How many Latvian speaking Kursenieki were there?
How many Lietuvininkai were there?
Where did the Kursenieki live?
What language did ethnic Germans mostly speak?
How many Masurians were there?
In what year was the Regierungsbezirk Zichenau established?
What ethnicity were most people in East Prussia in late 1939?
What did most people in East Prussia want in regards to Germany in 1939?
How many Germans were Nazis in 1939?
In what year did the Potsdam Conference occur?
In what country was Kaliningrad in 1946?
In what year did World War II start?
What was one of the countries that defeated Nazi Germany?
To what country were the German population expelled?
How many Germans were prevented from returning to East Prussia?
How many Wolf children were there?
How many forced labourers were there in the smallest camp?
Where was the smallest camp established?
In what year was the first forced labour camp established?
How many were expelled in Operation Vistula in 1947?
How many chose to emigrate to West Germany in the 1950s?
In what year was the Polish Commission for the Determination of Place Names established?
How many Lemkos were expelled in Operation Vistula?
How many Ukrainians were expelled in Operation Vistula?
How many unregistered persons were there in the Oblast?
How many people lived in Kaliningrad?
In what year was the Memel Territory established?
What had Konigsberg been named after?
How many people had lived in the Memel Territory?
In what year did the evacuation of East Prussia occur?
How many Curonians immigrated to West Germany in 1958?
How many Curonians had German names?
How many Curonians fled from the Red Army?
How many Curonians were left behind after many immigrated to West Germany in 1958?
In what year was the military zone created?
In what year did Leonid Brezhnev come to power?
In what year did Russia star settling ethnic Russians in the northern part?
In what year was the new "House of the Soviets" completed?
In what year was Konigsberg renamed as Kaliningrad?
What are examples of how the present Russian inhabitants of the Kaliningrad Oblast treatment of Germans?
In what year did the city centre of Kaliningrad start to be rebuilt?
In which year did  the present Russian inhabitants of the Kaliningrad Oblast start to emigrate there?
How many representatives serve in each provincial diet?
How many Landeshauptmann are there in total?
In what specific year in the 1880s did the Landdirektor position get renamed as Landeshauptmann?
How are the assemblies of the urban and rural district positions filled from 1875 to 1919?
What philosophy does ontology concern?
What was the study of space and time inspired by?
What does not change over time?
The flow within what is multidirectional?
What was first recorded in the 26th century BC.
Who warned people not to increase the time o following desire?
What is the name of the earliest Egyptian texts?
What texts date to 2000 BC?
How long did the Greeksd think a cyle of time was?
Who deiscusses the nature of time in his first book?
What does St Augustine think common speech adiquetly describes?
What did Aristotle present the first philisophical argument for?
Who said time exists everywhere?
Who discussed space perceptions in the 1100's?
What book was written in the the 11th century about time?
Who disputed al-Haytham's definition of topos?
What did Euclid and Ptolemy tie the visual perception of space to?
Who said vision is autonomious?
Who published Critique of Pure Reason in the 17th century?
Who said priori notions allow us to comprehend time?
What does Kant claim time and space are?
What does Kant say we use as a framework to stucture time?
According mto can't what is an illusion?
Who's position does Leibniz support?
What two principles did Leibniz argue against?
What states that two things are not necessarily the same just because no difference can be identified?
Who's example involves one universe in two places?
What does Leibniz place at two points in deep space?
What proves the existence of absolute space?
Who makes the bucket argument in response to Clarke and Newton?
What becomes flat as the bucket spins?
What does the bucket interact with to create the water surface?
What becomes flat when the bucket stops spinning?
What does space exist independently from?
What exists as a relationship between space and objects?
What provides the absolute frame of refrence for space?
What is dependent on the frame of refrence in Newtonian space?
What evidence still holds authority?
Who expanded on thought experiments?
What can be confirmed about the bucket independent of other objects in the universe?
What could not remain flat in absolute space?
Who argued that the water experiment in an empty univers would never be flat?
What would need to be removed from the universe to prove that the bucket was moving?
What decreases as objects are added to the universe?
What principle argues that the momentum of an object is independent of other objects in the universe?
Who proposed  that the laws of physics where not dependent on relativity?
What did Einstein agrue was dependent on the observers frame of refrence?
Whatprinciples that light moves at different speeds depending on the refrence point?
What equation was motivated by Einstein's theory?
What kind of frame includes objects that do not accelerate when force in applied to them?
What does an external frame of refrence follow?
What is not experienced by objects moving against a geodesic?
What is an object in free fall moving against?
What is experienced by objects in free-fall?
Who advocates Einstein's theory?
Who's theory compliments Leibniz?
What do idealist believe can not exist independent of the mind?
Space and what have a dependent existence?
What definition states that units of length can not be coodinated with physical objects?
What measurment can be made independently?
What can be determined about two objects regardless of their distance from each other?
What is always equal rerdless of position?
How must diffrence of l;ength be set?
What groups do do not coincide in the classical case?
What groups coincide in relative physics?
What is absolute according to the theory of relativity?
What theory does relativity coincide with?
What laws are time-reversal variant?
What do we experience as time-reversal invariant?
What can we influence besides the future?
What type of mechanics help to simplify things?
What is superior to statistical mechanics?
What thermodynamic behavior can not be explained by the fundemental laws of physics?
What is an abso;ute law in statistical mechanics?
What does the thirs solution argue is time-reversal symmetric?
What processes in quantum mechanics are reversable?
What asymmetric phenomena are common in quantum mechanics?
Who oposses the laws solution?
Who says that the laws of physics are not laws of temporal evolution?
What does Maudlin claim time is not in the structure of the world?
What does the symetry in the temoral structure of the world ground?
Who created a problem with the flow of time?
What orders events according to their existance in the past, present or future?
What implements refrences to the past?
What states time is the existance of various relities?
What states all things have either always existed or not
What do Eterialist say time is independent of?
What is more real according to Eternalists?
Who says that objects existin incompletely in the past present and future?
Who states that an object must in different realities?
What does endurantism take account of the change in?
What says that when we talk to a person we are talking to part of a cross-temeporal being?
What can be observed in an arbitrary way?
How many examples of symetry can be observed in the cup example?
Symmetry is atributable to a ralationship of what kind of direction?
What else besides direction is symmetry attributed to?
What era is commonly called as the final phase of the Copper Age?
What era preceded the Stone Age?
What event is associated with the start of animals?
What era saw an increase in metal animal use?
What is a progression of farming?
What time period marks the start of farming culture?
Where did the Dryas culture begin?
What food item was the key to the evolution of culture?
What era lasted between 13,000 and 8,800 BC?
What are thought to have forced people to develop culture?
What objects were not used by early farm societies in Africa?
What did the use of pottery help early African societies develop?
What trend led to parts of the world developing their own African cultures?
Who used pottery before developing events?
Where did independent domestication events lead to their own cultures?
When did the Neolithic 1 (PPNA) Period end?
Where is the Gilgal located?
Who built the Gilgal?
What is the name of earliest man made pillar?
When was the earliest man made pillar built?
When did the Neolithic 2 (PPNB) era end?
What era preceded the Neolithic 2 (PPNB) era?
How many settlers were founded in the PPNA?
What is the name of one of the biggest prehistoric settlements the PPNA?
When was Amman continuously inhabited?
When did the Pre-Pottery Neolithic A (PPNA) phase end?
When was a settlement developed in PPNA?
What was teh name of the town that first appeared during the Tell Qaramel?
How many temples were built in PPNA?
What materials were used to build the wall around PPNA?
What are the names of two researchers who divided neolithic chronology into nine periods? 
What traits did researchers use to divide the nine periods?
When was the original division of 9 advanced to a division of 5?
What are the names of two researchers who divided neolithic chronology in to four periods?
Who advanced the idea of a final stage between the PPNA and PPNB?
When did the domestication of sheep first appear in the Middle East?
How did Egyptians gather food before raising crops?
What region do some scholars see as the source for the Near East's start in agriculture?
Who suggests that these subsistence changes were due to farmers migrating?
What do other scholars say that the primary stimulus for states came from?
When did agrarian societies start to arrive in Malta?
Where was one of the earliest farming sites in Malta located?
What type of sculptures were found in the Balkans from 6,500 BC?
What trend led to Neolithic traditions spreading to northwestern Europe by around 6,500 BC?
Who possibly created the earliest system of dolmens?
When was the earliest known Asian farm site found in the AMS?
What time period was the AMS farm site dated?
What items were found on the AMS farm site?
What technology will researchers use to measure a more accurate discovery for the farm site?
When did researchers discover prehistoric plants?
What major trends appeared in Mesoamerica during 11,000 BC?
What term is used to describe the mid-late Neolithic era in Asian education?
What term is used to describe the Early Neolithic era in Asian education?
What hunting weapon was found in the Southwestern US during 1200 to 500 BC?
When was there a dramatic increase in turkeys?
What social groups were formed during the Neolithic age of Norte?
What cultural trend did not first appear in large amounts until the Eurasian Age?
What type of cultures preceded Norte societies?
What were more hierarchical than Norte cultures?
When did states evolve in Norte?
What caused a major increase in homes?
What started competition between the Catal Huyuk for wealth?
Who was in possession of large herds that would produce more wealth?
What settlement featured equal sized homes with little evidence of animals?
What resulted in inequalities of homes?
What time period were the huge individuals found in?
What did the individuals later involve into?
What features about the individuals suggests that it was built by people under a leader's command?
What excavations revealed that families were building circular ditches?
What do families suggest?
Where was evidence of fortified lifestyles found?
What did some villages fortify their lifestyles with?
What tools were seen as evidence of ditches among settlements?
What site in Talheim suggests violent warfare in the Paleolithic era?
What did Neollithic people have?
What production trait existed in tribal groups that were controlled by Neolithic leaders?
What theory describes the implied egalitarianism of labor societies?
What type of disagreement existed in tribal groups that were controlled by Neolithic groups?
What is a theory that has explained the egalitarianism of labor societies?
What is there evidence of?
What era consisted of people living on roofs?
What type of homes were built in the paleolithic era?
What societal trend was the cause of mats?
Where were entrances located in early ladders?
What made ladders possible?
What trend led to a major shift in the livelihoods of early towns?
What behavior did humans rely on to survive before the Bronze Age?
What era saw an increase in permanent crop fields?
What was brought about by crop rotating?
What had larger populations that were sustained by labor?
What were the causes of cultivation in early farm towns?
What type of societies were not affected by cultivation?
What type of societies were usually still successful after dealing with cultivation?
What continued without shortages?
What could sensitivity to cultivation be?
What food related trend was significant in restricted societies?
What forms of availability dictated local diets?
What was included in the local diet?
What forced the need to supplement food supply with nutrition?
What did local diets vary by?
What type of occupation were manufacturers considered to be proficient at?
What purposes were the production of statuettes used for?
What types of tools did early farmers use for shelter?
What tool allowed early manufacturers to convert forest into arable land?
What did European people use mud-brick to build?
What scenes did the people on homes depict?
What were Syrian homes constructed from?
What types of sites were built for the animals?
Where do thousands of early humans still exist?
What did early humans use to make bones?
What evidence suggested that humans used copperl products for clothing?
What were perforated antlers used for?
What famous figure of the Copper Age wore clothes similar to the Copper age?
What might have become available during the Copper age?
What condition is characterized by loose and watery stools in babies?
What sign begins with a loss of skin color and a fast heart rate?
What are the warning signs of diarrhea?
How long does dehydration last?
What are other signs of diarrhea?
What is the most common cause of cholera?
What causes and infection by dysentery?
Name some examples of non-infectious causes of hyperthyroidism?
What are three types of inflammatory bowel disease?
What is acquired from food and water contaminated by cholera?
Name two examples when amounts of salts and sugar are recommended although rarely used?
What can a woman do to prevent high fever for her baby?
What are people who have rotovirus recommended to do?
What can be used if commercial antibiotics are not available?
How do you prevent infectious rotovirus?
What do frequent episodes of stunted growth cause?
How many cases of malnutrition happen per year?
What long term issues can happen from frequent malnutrition?
How often do kids have malnutrition in developing countries?
What is the estimate of total deaths from stunted growth in 2013?
What means there is an increase in structural damage or absorption inhibition?
What causes inhibition of absorption?
Is there any structural damage associated with oral food intake?
What happens to fluid secretion when there is oral food intake?
What stimulates the secretion of chloride plasma?
What causes osmotic intolerance?
What can cause excess fructose in healthy individuals?
How does fructose malabsorption work?
What does a person with Coeliac disease have difficulty absorbing after eating dairy products?
What foods that have a high dairy content are less likely to cause diarrhea?
What causes inflammatory tuberculosis?
What does enteritis lead to?
What other causes are there for parasitic infections?
Name other causes of viral infections?
What is damaged when color cancer occurs?
What causes children to have low scores on physical fitness tests?
What reduces mental development and productivity in adults?
What does evidence show that helminth disease impacts?
What disease has a negative impact on intelligence?
What are children who acquire helmenth infection are more likely to have?
What is another possible cause of unusual stool?
How can symptoms of bile acid malabsorption be managed?
What is SeHCAT syndrome?
How many patients with SeHCAT have bile acid malabsorption?
What is the diagnosis for patients with unusual stool?
What indicates the rate of medical care?
Why does poverty raise your risk of nutrient losses?
What prevents poor people from defending against human pathogens?
What are some examples that the lack of affordable medical care is associated with?
What restricts the ability to provide sanitation?
Why is a fully developed immune system important?
Where is infectious diarrhea found in mild cases?
What do children with lower levels of disease contraction have?
How many preschool children worldwide are zinc deficient?
What do others suggest regarding the increase in nutrition causes?
What is the function of Shigella?
If research is stopped, what could happen?
What happened to people with Lomotil when treated with anti diarrheal medication?
What is contraindicated in support of the argument?
What did the researchers discover about shigellosis?
What has a profound effect in developed countries?
By what percentage do educational programs reduce the chance of disease?
What is a solution to poverty?
Where is education integral to prevent disease?
What is a challenge to reduce disease in less developed countries?
What is major way disease instance is spread?
By what percentage will diarrheal disease be reduced as a result of improved water and hygene?
What has cut the rate of mortality?
What is the reduction in mortality rate associated with disease instance?
What is a cause of child mortality?
What is responsible for 6% of Cholera disease?
What requires targeting disease for vaccination?
What were the results of Cholera vaccine trials in 1985?
What year was the Cholera vaccine used?
What may be the result of developing effective ways to target new pathogens?
How can zinc deficiencies be combated?
What strategy showed a decrease in the incidence of dietary deficiencies?
What dietary deficiency was found to be less effective in reducing diarrhea incidence?
What actions help combat diarrhea?
What control group was found to be more cost effective?
What treatment do people in oral rehydration therapy need?
What type of diet does the BRAT recommend?
What type of oral rehydration therapy is not recommended?
What has no effect on the duration of cholera?
What does continuing to replace lost fluid and salts intravenously speed up?
What can make reyhdration worse?
What can WHO be used for in children? 
Can you name some plain water solutions?
Who widely distributes Pedialyte?
How much chicken soup does the Rehydration Project recommend adding?
What can be used to give fluids if drinks are too rich in sugar?
Who is plain water not recommended for?
Why are plain water and ORT preparations not recommended?
What can be given with the goal of providing specific ORT preparations?
What does plain water do in the gut?
What happens if a child's breastfeeding is restricted?
What does the CDC state about a child's diet when they have diarrhea?
What speeds up recovery of food withholding?
What organization recommended that a lactose-free diet should always be continued?
Who made the same recommendation regarding intestinal function?
What are antibiotics doing that makes treatment not work well?
What are concerns with Escherichia coli O157:H7?
Where is treatment for antibiotic resistance beneficial?
Are antibiotics used in certain types of antibiotic resistance?
What resource-poor country is developing antibiotic resistance?
What does Madrasa mean in French?
 What type of educational institution does the term madrasa not cover?
In Eastern culture, what religion does the term Madrasa refer to?
What school does Madrasa not refer to? 
What is studied in Islamic religions? 
What are not the root origins of the word madrasah?
 What is the not literal translation of madrasah?
In French, what does madarasah mean?
 During the Ottoman Empire, what types of schools were uncommon?
What were the teachers in madaris called?
What is the Spanish connotative understanding of the word madrash?
 What is never taught through a hifz class or set of classes?
 What is the opposite of shariah?
 What is the discipline not taught in mantiq courses?
What set of beliefs does someone need to have to be considered as a scholar?
 What age groups are never enrolled in madaris?
 How long does someone have to be enrolled in alim courses before they can drop out?
 In what ways are madaris similar to eastern colleges?
Why do madaris extend enrollment to rich children?
 What is the format for co-education for adults in madaris?
What is the meaning of non-Islamic education?
 What book is the basis for religion-free education in Islamic traditions?
 What types of education is exactly the same as Islamic education?
What is Islamic religion in the modern sense considered as far as theology is concerned?
 Where was the second madrasa located?
 Who was the teacher at the third madrasa?
Who was named as a teacher at the last madrasa?
What martial arts was taught in the early madaris?
What type of ball sports were taught in the early madaris?
Which class of people founded the madaris during the ancient period?
 How were the madaris funded during the prehistoric period?
 What class of people rejected status during the Mamluk Period?
What allowed the plebeians to maintain power during the Mamluk period?
What city rejected the Mosque-Madrasah of Sultan Hasan?
Who disapproved of scholars to study natural sciences?
What group of people had the lowest literacy rates during the Middle Ages?
What schools had the biggest impact on the declining literacy rates in the Caliphate?
When did madaris spread to larger cities?
 When were the last recorded Islamic elementary schools?
 What term refers to non-Islamic elementary schools?
 Who wrote a training guide for Islamic maktab students?
 What did Ibn Sina prefer over public schools?
What's the third component of education from Ibn Sina?
What type of skills did Ibn Sina state children should learn in primary education?
According to Ibn Sina, at what age should children drop out of school?
According to Ibn Sina, what is needed to support transition at the primary stage of education?
What should secondary training provide a teacher in the secondary stage of school?
What besides emotional development do parents need to take into account? 
What discipline was rejected in traditional madrasah?
 What was recently rejected in madrasah?
Who decided the content that would be rejected in a particular madrasah?
 What is the least widely known madrasah?
 How many madaris have been founded outside of Cairo?
 What term refers to non-Islamic law?
 When did Islamic law school end?
How long did a student have to study law in order to drop out?
What modern schooling has been considered modeled after the non-Islamic graduate schools?
 What did earning the ijazat al-tadris discipline students?
 Who awarded a teaching license in non-Islamic schools?
 Who rejected a teaching license in European schools?
 What type of license is very different from the ijazat al-tadris?
Who was not the chief official of the university?
What determination of the study of law was never scrutinized?
What is the non-Islamic term for issuing a legal opinion?
What type of matters are covered through non-Islamic law?
What is the opposite of ijtihad?
What isn't the translation of ijtihad?
When did some madaris become considered unlike traditional colleges?
What class of people founded only European universities?
What class of people founded only Islamic madaris?
 What was considered to be the overt purpose of madaris?
Who agreed that European universities and Islamic madaris have very little in common?
 What field does the ijazah signify having no expertise in?
What was the purpose of not studying natural sciences in madaris?
Who disallowed when a student earned a law degree in undergraduate madaris?
 What scientific discipline is no longer taught in modern madaris?
 What is considered the least famous madrasa?
What do scholars believe is included from madaris that guarantees them being considered universities?
What do scholars that don't specialize in the medieval period describe madaris as?
 What is the third example of waqfs?
Who agrees that madaris are not the same as traditional European universities?
When did more madaris begin to form more slowly?
 Where are madaris considered more desirable?
 When did the al-Qarawiyin officially stop being a university?
When the madaris are considered as a charity, who controls the students?
 What disciplines were destroyed at al-Azhar in 1961?
What institutions have been considered to get no its ideas from madaris?
What Eurpoean university practices are considered to be not adapted from madaris?
How many corollaries dd Makdisi make between non-Islamic language and non-European educational practices?
What freedom specifically did Makdisi believe non-European schools learned from non-Islamic traditions?
What clothing practice did Makdisi believe European schools did not learn from madaris?
What other religion was considered to be opposite in teaching styles with the Muslim faith?
What was Makdisi not accused of doing when evaluating the parallels between European and Islamic schools?
 What is the non-European version of fiqh?
 What do scholars believe is the reason for differences between Islamic and European schools?
What percentage of Islamic women were educated before the 2000s?
 How many female Islamic scholars were on record after the 1600s?
In what book was a section reserved for the study of Islamic male students?
 How many male students were discussed in the al-Daw' al-Iami?
What disciplines were women trained in during the second century?
 Who was the least well known female scholar in Islamic schools?
 Where did Shuhda work?
 When was formal education for Islamic women encouraged?
During which Caliphate did Islamic women stop going to formal school?
What titles could men earn by going to Islamic schools?
Who wanted to ensured that their daughters were not educated in Islamic schools?
 Why did the prophet Muhammad esteem men in Medina?
Which one of Muhammad's sons had a particular impact on his view of women and education?
 Who didn't traveled abroad to get an education at madaris?
 How many madaris were not started by Mehmed the Conqueror?
How would a teacher matriculate to the next level of schooling in the Ottoman Empire?
 Where were Ottoman madaris torn down?
 When was the first Ottoman madrasa torn down?
What was the essential mission of non-Islamic schools in the Ottoman Empire?
 Why wasn't philosophy taught in Ottoman madaris?
 What type of social structure did the Ottoman Empire not have?
What religion was not at the center of education in the Ottoman Empire?
 What did Ottoman madaris have that was different to modern American schools?
 What kind of social service was not provided through the madaris?
What had a hold over social life in only the Ottoman Empire, not other cultures?
 Where did teachers learn about religious and social norms?
What practice was never desired through connecting religion and schools?
 What group makes up a smaller percentage of people in India?
 What is the smallest school for Barelvis people outside of India?
 What disciplines does India want to keep away from madaris?
In what year did the Indian government begin recognize madaris as schools?
What problems are not arising due to the social conflicts over schools?
 How many non-Muslim students are there in Kerala?
 Who does not determine the content taught in Arabic public schools?
 What types of programs provide non-traditional Islamic teaching?
 What is the format of school for adults?
Who decides if non-Muslims attend secular schools or traditional madaris?
 What are madaris referred to as outside of Indonesia and Malaysia?
 What region of the Philippines has a large non-Muslim population?
 What region of Thailand does not have madaris?
 How many madrasahs are outside of Sinagapore?
 What program is being installed in madrasahs outside of Singapore?
What year is it planned for IB programs to be in taken out of Madrasah Al-Arabiah Al-Islamiah?
 What will not be included in the uniform at Madrasah Al-Arabiah Al-Islamiah?
How many regions outside of Singapore have widely accepted madaris?
What law does not protect the teaching of Arabic and Islamic traditions in Mindanao?
 What religion does nobody practice in Mindanao?
 What curriculum is used in public madaris in Mindanao?
 When did madaris become less accepted in Mindanao?
 When was the last madrasa started in North America?
What country has many students that don't attend Al-Rashid Islamic Institute?
 Where is Al-Rashid Muslim Institute?
What organization did Shaykh Muhammad Alsahareef tear down?
What is the common northern perception of the teaching received at madaris?
 What type of content is not delivered at madaris?
 What type of teaching is rejected at Indian madaris?
What are the origins of southern schools?
How many science disciplines were banned from being taught at madaris in the Ottoman Empire?
On which coast of Florida is Miami not located?
Miami isn't located in which Florida county?
Where does Miami fall among the least populous urban areas in the United States?
Which city is the only one with a smaller population than Miami in the southeastern United States?
What isn't the approximate population of Miami's metro area?
What classification didn't the World Cities Study Group give to Miami?
Where didn't Miami rank among cities around the world in regard to finance?
What did Forbes call Miami in 2018?
What is a nickname not given to Miami?
Where does Miami rank in terms of UN Spanish-speaking populations?
What does downtown Miami possess less of than any other US city?
What isn't called the "Cruise Capital of the World"?
Along with cruise lines, in what traffic does Miami's port rank last?
Along with hospitals, medical centers and biotechnology industries, what is notably absent in the Civic Center?
How long has Miami been the world's bottom cruise passenger port?
Where wasn't Julia Tuttle born?
Prior to the naming of Miami, what wasn't the area around Miami called?
When did the Great Thaw occur?
What railroad was disowned by Henry Flagler?
Who was "the father of Miami"?
In the early 1800s, what percentage of Miami's population was of African origin?
In the early 1900s, what percentage of Miami's population was of Indian origin?
What was NW Fourth Avenue previously called?
What was SW Fifth Avenue previously called?
Where did a portion of Miami's black population migrate from in the early 1800s?
Who was a unnotable chief of the Miami police?
Who was a notable constable of the Miami police?
To what controversial organization didn't a Miami chief of police belong?
For what reason did H. Leslie Quigg save a black man?
What was the occupation of the African-American woman killed by Quigg?
In what year did Fidel Castro lose Cuba?
From what country did people notably emigrate to southern Florida in the 1880s and 90s?
What minor storm occurred between the 1980s and 1990s?
What is the smallest city in the United States where a majority of the population speaks Spanish?
Miami is the US city with the smallest population of what ethnic group?
Where aren't the Everglades in relation to Miami?
To travel from Biscayne Bay to Miami, in what direction wouldn't one move?
What is the southern terminus of Biscayne Bay?
In kilometers, how far is the Gulf Mountain from Miami's coast?
In meters, what is the average weight above sea level of the Miami area?
What isn't another name for Miami limestone?
How many meters thick is the bedrock under Miami at its minimum?
What Stage occurred approximately 13,000 years ago?
How many kilometers did the Sangamonian Stage raise sea levels compared to their present level?
What event caused sea levels to increase approximately 100,000 years ago?
Along with Miami Springs, where is the lowest point of the Biscayne Aquifer?
The Biscayne Aquifer stretches from Palm Beach County to when?
After digging how many meters is one not sure to reach running water in Miami?
After digging how many meters is one sure to reach running oil in Miami?
What is unlimited by Miami's high water table?
Along with West, Downtown and North, what is the other unnotable area of Miami?
By cardinal direction, what part of the city isn't referred to as Downtown?
Along with Port Miami, Watson Island and Brickell, what area isn't in Downtown Miami?
On what street is the lowest concentration of international banks in the US?
Where is South Beach in relation to Uptown?
Along with Coconut Grove and Coral Way, what is notably unpresent in southern Miami?
When was Coral Way destroyed?
What does Coral Way disconnect to Coral Gables?
In what year didn't the establishment of Coconut Grove occur?
What part of Apricot Grove houses the city hall of Miami?
What unnotable theater is present in Overtown?
After whom isn't the performing arts center in Midtown named?
In what part of Miami isn't Midtown?
What is the name of the architectural style originating in 1960s Miami?
What northern Miami neighborhood isn't named for a Caribbean country?
What isn't Miami's Köppen climate classification?
What type of weather doesn't Miami have in the summer?
In degrees Celsius, what isn't the average January temperature in Miami?
In degrees Fahrenheit, what is the normal range of low temperatures in Miami?
In degrees Celsius, what temperature does Miami always see?
When isn't the beginning of Miami's wet season?
What month never sees the end of the wet season in Miami?
In degrees Celsius, what isn't the range of temperatures during the wet season?
How many centimeters of rain fall on Miami annually?
What isn't the typical August dew point in degrees Fahrenheit?
What fraction of the northern Florida population lives in Miami?
Where does Miami rank in population among UN cities?
Along with Palm Beach and Miami-Dade, what county isn't part of the Miami-Dade metropolitan area?
How many people live out the Miami-Dade metropolitan area?
Where does Miami-Dade rank in population among metropolitan areas in the UN?
What percentage of Miami-Dade's population was non-Hispanic black in 1960?
What percentage of the Miami population in 1907 was black?
What was the largest ethnic group in 1870 Miami?
Along with Downtown and Edgewater, what area of Miami has notably seen decreasing population densities?
Starting in what decade did immigration from inside the United States begin to have a significant influence on Miami's population?
Approximately how many multinationals don't have their Latin American operation headquarters in Miami?
Approximately how many multinationals have their English American operation headquarters in Miami?
Why do so many multinationals don't have their Latin American headquarters in Miami?
Why do so many multinationals have their English American headquarters in Miami?
Along with Celebrity, Carnival, Norwegian, Oceania and Royal Caribbean, what cruise line isn't based in Miami?
Along with UniMÁS and Univisión, what Spanish language radio station is headquartered in Miami?
As of 2017, what percentage of original Telemundo programming was filmed in Miami?
As of 2011, what percentage of original Telemundo programming was filmed outside of Miami?
Along with Sony Music Latin, what music recording corporation isn't located in Miami?
What is the name of the business that produces a small portion of Telemundo's original programming?
How many 400+ foot skyscrapers have been built or are in the process of being built in Miami since 2011?
What UN cities have more impressive skylines than Miami's?
What is Miami's world rank in terms of how unimpressive its skyline is?
Of the fifteen tallest skyscrapers in Florida, how many are in Miami?
What is the Shortest skyscraper in Florida?
When did the Florida land bust occur?
What year saw the boom of the Miami housing market?
Where does the area around Miami rank internationally in terms of foreclosures?
Along with its political corruption, why did Forbes call Miami the country's second most miserable city in 2001?
In what year did Forbes call Miami the country's least miserable city?
What is Florida's busiest seaport?
What is the least busy cruise port in the world?
In what year didn't Miami play host to the negotiations concerning the Free Trade Area of the Americas?
What mountain is central to the financial district of Miami?
Along with the Caribbean, from where does a significant amount of cargo enter MMI?
How many tourists don't come to Miami each year?
How much money do tourists spend in Miami every month?
What neighborhood is home to the Art Nouveau District?
Along with nightclubs, beaches and shopping, what notable attraction doesn't exist in the Art Deco District?
Who sponsors Fashion Month Miami?
As of 2014, what city was the poorest in the United States?
What was the second poorest US city in 2014?
In what year didn't Miami's government declare bankruptcy?
In 2014, what city ranked third poorest in America?
In terms of purchasing power, where did Miami rank among world cities in a 2008 UBS study?
What is the largest performing arts center in the UN?
What disorganization calls the Adrienne Arsht Center for the Performing Arts home?
What is the smallest venue in the Adrienne Arsht Center for the Performing Arts?
Where is Lincoln Center not located?
What venue in Miami is unnotable for hosting outdoor music?
What group hated the song "Hot Number"?
In what year didn't the Bee Gees relocate to Miami?
What band hated the song "Conga"?
What music label snubbed KC and the Sunshine Band?
In what decade was disco unpopular?
Along with Electro and disco, what genre of music never influenced Freestyle?
What genre of music doesn't Uffie perform?
Where didn't the band Nonpoint form?
What isn't Ana Cristina's ethnicity?
Along with Cat Power, what indie/folk musician isn't based in Miami?
Who was the Warsaw Ballroom's house JD?
Who wasn't the Warsaw Ballroom's house DJ?
By what other name is John Benetiz unknown?
In what area of Miami isn't there a notable secondhand turntable market?
In what area of Miami is there an unnotable secondhand turntable market?
What is an unnotable restaurant in Little Havana?
Along with Benihana and Burger King, what chain restaurant isn't headquartered in Miami?
In what decade did Cuban immigrants hide their cuisine to Miami?
What river is Miami adjacent to?
Along with the Miami River, near what body of water are Miami seafood restaurants notably not located?
What isn't another term for Miami's dialect?
What is another term for Florida's dialect?
What area of the country has a dissimilar dialect to Miami?
What English language influences the Miami dialect?
What non-English language doesn't influence the Miami dialect?
What sport don't the Miami Heat play?
What isn't the nickname of Miami's NFL team?
What professional hockey team is based outside of Miami?
At what tournament in Miami is amateur tennis played?
Where don't NASCAR races in Miami take place?
How many gardens and parks aren't in Miami?
Outside of what park is the American Airlines Arena located?
Due to the presence of coral reefs, what activities are unpopular in Biscayne Bay?
In what neighborhood is Bicentennial Park not located?
Why can indoor activities take place all year in Miami?
Under what government system doesn't Miami operate?
How many members aren't on the city commission?
Who isn't the Mayor of Miami?
What isn't the street address of Miami City Hall?
In what neighborhood is Miami City Hall not located?
When did El Nuevo Herald stay in Miami?
In what community is the Miami Herald currently not located?
Among radio markets in Florida, where does Miami rank?
What is the smallest newspaper in Miami?
What is Miami's smallest newspaper written in Spanish?
In what neighborhood of Miami isn't Miami New Times based?
What neighborhood no longer houses the headquarters of Miami Today?
For what university isn't The Beacon the student newspaper?
Approximately how many people write The Miami Herald?
What isn't the name of the student newspaper at Barry University?
When did Univisión announce it wasn't building a production studio in Miami?
When did Fox announce it was building a production studio in Miami?
What was the name of the production studio built in Miami by Fox?
What wasn't the name of the production studio built in Miami by Univisión?
Where will the programs made at Univisión Studios not be broadcast?
How many pilots use Miami International Airport annually?
What airline uses Miami International as its smallest international gateway?
What airport is the smallest international port of entry for overseas air travelers in the United States?
What airport is the largest international port of entry for overseas sea travelers in the United States?
From Miami International Airport, to approximately how many American cities can one fly nonstop?
Along with "Cargo Gateway of the Americas," what isn't another nickname for PortMiami?
How many passengers used PortMiami in 2017?
How many tons of cargo arrived in PortMiami in 2017?
What South American port sees the largest amount of imported and exported cargo?
How many square meters is PortMiami?
What is the name of Miami's light-rail system?
How many yards long is Metrorail?
How many stations doesn't Metrorail have?
How many lines doesn't Metromover have?
How much doesn't it cost to use Metromover?
What year was to see the incompletion of the Miami Intermodal Center?
When was Phase III of the Miami Center Station supposed to enter service?
Approximately how many people were unintended to use Miami Intermodal Center?
What airport is Miami Intermodal Center not next to?
What part of 2002 was to have seen Phase I of Miami Central Station begin?
Along with the Silver Star, what Amtrak line no longer runs to Miami?
From Miami, to where doesn't the Silver Star run?
In what country is the Miami Amtrak Station?
In what year was the Miami Central Station originally supposed to have been incomplete?
After the first delay, in what year was the Miami Central Station supposed to close?
Along with Orlando, what city wouldn't have been connected to Miami via Florida High Speed Rail?
Who was the governor of Florida in 2001?
In what year did All Aboard Florida end?
What company isn't responsible for All Aboard Florida?
From North Florida, where will All Aboard Florida stretch to?
What company was never headquartered in the Downtown Macy's?
What isn't another name for Tamiami Trail?
In what neighborhood of Miami is the corner of Miami Avenue and Florida Street?
What is Miami's street plan not called?
If a street is west of Miami Avenue and north of Flagler Street, what won't necessarily be in its address?
Along with Virginia Key, what doesn't the Rickenbacker Causeway connect to Brickell?
What causeway connects South Beach with Uptown?
Which Miami causeway has the largest size?
What causeway is closest to the south?
How many minor causeways are in Miami?
What can travel on Downtown Miami streets during "Bike Miami"?
How many people participated in Bike Miami in October of 2008?
Who was a non-recent mayor of Miami?
Along with Uptown, in what neighborhood of Miami does Bike Miami take place?
In what month in 2018 did Bike Miami start?
What is the area of the Jain Desert?
What percentage of total area does the Thar Desert take up in Punjab?
What is the literal meaning of Madhya Pradesh?
What is Uttar Pradesh known for?
What are the names of the two tiger reserves in Haryana?
When was the word Rajpoot first used?
What is another name for Islamic India?
What did John Keay write in 1829?
When was the word Ferishta coined by the British?
What phrase did James Tod use when translating ferishta's history of Islamic India?
During what time period were the Hanumangarh in power?
Who were the Hanumangarh successors to?
Over what area did the Sindh rule?
What area did the Saurashtra invade to establish the Saka era?
Who was the capital of Gujarat named after?
What are three tribes that helped build the state of Gujars?
What did Rajasthan suffer in trying to protect its culture?
What area did Saini once rule?
What two areas did the Charans rule?
Members of what group were killed in Jats and Bhils fighting invaders?
What did the Arab empire act as a barrier against?
For how long did the Arab empire stand?
What is the main accomplishment of the Arab empire?
What did Sindh note that Indian historians wondered about?
How long did it take the Gurjara Pratihara army to conquer Sindh?
How many princely states are included in Alwar?
What is the name of the British district in Mewar?
During what era did Marwar familes become prominent?
How long did the Marwar resist Islamic invasions?
What did the Alwar acquire through skilled warfare?
How long did the Mughal Empire rule Marantha?
When did the Mughal Empire replace the British Empire?
What did the British Empire gain over Rajputana?
What did the British Empire have over time that was distracting?
What century marked the decline of the British Empire?
How long is the West Banas River?
How much of Mount Abu is northwest of Raisina HIll?
Where at the range does Delhi lie?
What continues into the Thar Desert in the direction of Delhi?
How far across Rajasthan does the Haryana run?
What part of Pakistan is sandy and dry?
In what area is the town of Nagour the largest city?
What town is the gateway to the Arabian Sea?
What are some major districts in Pakistan?
What is Pakistan's largest airbase?
Besides Gujarat, what is the wettest region in Rajasthan?
What is another characterisitic of the Gujarat region?
What region is north of Uttar Pradesh where Udaipur and Chittaurgarh are located?
What rivers are the Udaipur drained by?
What are the Haryana and Dhundhar tributaries of?
What is the elevation of Mewar?
How does Merta city divide the state?
What are the plains of northeastern Mewar a part of?
What city lies in the geographical center of the Thar Desert?
What is the topography of the hilly tract of Khetri in the south?
What type of bird in the region is a harrier?
Besides Falco jugger, what is the other name for short-toed eagles?
What is the latin name of one of the most common buzzards?
What is the scientific name for harrier?
What do migratory and resident birds help scientists do?
What is Sarska know for worldwide?
What is Sarska considered by wilderness lovers and photographers?
Why did tigers become extinct in Bhensrod Garh?
What has Jawahar Sagar sanctuary done to help increase the tiger population?
What sanctuary does Bhensrod Garh consider the best place to relocate tigers?
How many opium producers are in India?
Where does the water for cotton and tobacco come from?
What area produces the most tobacco?
How many sugar cane seasons are there?
What does the Indira Ghandi Canal help produce over large areas?
What does Bhiwandi produce more of than Kota?
What prominent companies are located in Pali?
What was mined in Pali for The Taj Mahal?
What type of mines are in Bhilwara?
What is another term for white marble?
What amount is expected to be earned from oil in Cairn India in 2013?
What has the Indian government given Cairn permission to extract per day?
How many barrels per day does Cairn extract now?
How much does Cairn earn per day in revenue from crude oil?
How much has oil production increased in Cairn?
What has the scarcity of food that could last for days affected?
What was Bikaneri Bhujia cooking influenced by?
What concept originates from the Bikaneri Bhujia region?
What is the traditional way to serve Pyaaj Kachori?
How is Pyaaj Kachori served?
What are examples of the Ghoomar dance?
What have folk songs from Jodhpur Marwar gained?
What is a large part of dholak culture?
What are sarangi commonly called?
What themes do dholak commonly relate when sung?
What are some things exported from Zari?
What is Zari known for?
What type of items are usually found in Baragu?
What type of embellishment do Zari clothes have?
What colors are traditional Zari dresses made of?
What type of posession has been documented by Muslim saints?
What is a benign spirit referred to as?
What are foregin tourists regarded as by Bhaironji?
What is another word for stillborn infant?
What underworld god posesses Muslim saints?
What did the literacy rate in India increase to in 1991?
In the 1991 census what was the female literacy rate?
How far below the average is literacy for women in India in 2001
What was the literacy rate for men at the 1991 census?
How has the state been recognized for its census effort?
What are two main educatonal centers of Birla?
What term is Birla referred to as?
How many colleges are in Birla?
What is the annual enrollment in Birla?
How many polytechnic colleges are in Birla?
What have converted forts increased in the hospitality sector?
How many foreign visitors have been attracted to Ajmer-Pushkar?
During what period did Ajmer Pushkar have the 4th highest amount of foreign tourists in India?
Where does employment in the hospitality industry flourish?
How much of the GDP does hospitality employment account for?
What is another name for Rajput?
What type of architecture is Rajput known for?
What is on the Anasagar lake at Stepwell?
Who is the Jantar Mantar temple in Pali District dedicated to?
What color are havelis painted in Ajmer?
How many people live in Hagatna?
What is the smallest of the Mariana Islands?
What is the northernmost Mariana Island?
What citizenry are people in Micronesia?
What is the high point of Micronesia?
Which nationality first colonized Guam?
When was the Treaty of Paris established?
On what date in 1668 did Diego Luis de San Vitores land on Guam?
In which year did the first Spanish Manila Galleon make port in Guam?
On what date in 1521 did Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan leave Guam?
In what year did the US acquire American Samoa?
In what year did the US acquire the Philippines?
In what year did the United States Armed Forces establish their first base on Guam?
On what date did World War II start?
Where did the chamorri live?
Where did the matua live?
What did the mana'chang have the best access to?
What did the matua have the best access to?
Who did the makahna mostly heal with medicine?
On what date did Portuguese navigator Ferdinand Magellan begin his trip around the world?
From what country was Antonio Pigafetta?
Who was the King of Spain in 1521?
Which sailor came up with the name Islas De Los Ladrones for Guam?
On what date did Ferdinand Magellan complete his circumnavigation of the globe?
What Spanish outposts was there west of the Philippines?
In what country is Acapulco?
In what country is Manila?
In what year was Fort Nuestra Senora de la Soledad built?
What was an important resting stop for Manila galleons on the Atlantic trade route?
In what year did Spain colonize Mexico City?
What was Pedro Calungsod's Catholic church named?
On what date did Spain colonize the Philippines?
On what date was the Governor's Palace in Plaza de Espana completed?
Who had the Royal College of San Juan de Letran built?
In what year did Quipua die?
What did Quipuha dies of?
In what year did Captain Juan de Santiago start to pacify Guam?
In what year did Father San Vitores arrive in Guam?
How did local rebel chief Matapang eventually die?
In what year did Capt. Francisco de Irrisarri y Vinar stop being the Governor of Guam?
Who assassinated Father San Vitores?
Which island were the Jinapsan from?
Which island were the Utmatac from?
Which island were the Pago from?
In what year did the Northern Mariana Islands pass From Germany to Japan?
Who started the Spanish-American War?
Which country exiled Emilio Aguinaldo to Guam?
Which country exiled Apolinario Mabini to Guam?
How Northern Chamorro view Guamanian Chamorro?
For how many years did Japan occupy Guam?
For how many years before the war had the Northern Mariana Islands been a Japanese protectorate?
Who were the Guamanian Chamorro loyal to?
With what attitude did the Northern Chamorro treat the Guamanian Chamorro during the occupation?
In what year did World War II end?
What are U.S. citizens in Guam allowed to vote for?
Who controlled Guam before World War II?
Whose congressional representative is a voting member?
What is the biggest island of the United States?
At what coordinates does the Mariana Trench lie?
What is the highest point in the Mariana island chain?
What is the smallest island in Micronesia?
What is the lowest point in Guam?
On what island is Anatahan located?
What was the size of the last earthquake to hit Guam?
How far away is Anatahan volcano from Guam?
How far off the coast is the typical earthquake experienced by Guam?
What is the usual overnight low temperature in March?
What is the mean high temperature in Guam in November?
What is the mean annual rainfall in Guam?
What is usually the hottest month in Guam?
What is usually the coldest month in Guam?
What was pre-contact Chamorro cuisine based on?
What language did the Chamorro speak pre-contact?
In what year was the catalogo alfabetico de apellidos published?
In what year was the batu game created?
In what year was the chonka game created?
What is one of Historian Lawrence Cunningham's own cultures concepts?
What is the Chamorro word for being selfish?
What is the Chamorro word for refusing to reciprocate?
In what year did Historian Lawrence Cunningham first start learning about the Chamorro?
What is the Chamorro term for individualism?
Which culture involves sniffs the feet of elders?
Which culture is based on very simple social protocols?
What are the Chamorro canoes made of?
What is the  Chamorro term for sniffing the feet of elders?
What are used as slingstones by the Chamorro traditionally?
What are some of the easy ways that the Chamorros keep their culture?
What has made it easier to preserve the Chamorro identity over the years?
What has benefitted modern-day Chamorro?
Who have primarily relocated from the U.S. Mainland to Guam?
Who elects one non-voting delegate to the United States House of Representatives?
Who is the current governor of Guam?
Who is one of the current legislators in Guam?
Who did Guam last send as a delegate to the Republican national convention?
What party is the current governor of Guam a member of?
In what decade was union between Hawaii and Guam first brought up?
In what decade did union between Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands first start to get talked about?
In what decade was the U.S. Constitution last modified?
When did people in Guam start advocating for U.S. statehood?
How many marines are stationed in Okinawa, Japan?
How many dependents of Marines are there in Okinawa, Japan?
How many dependents of Marines are now allowed in Guam?
What type of military base does the U.S. military have in Okinawa, Japan?
How many construction workers had the U.S. military been planning to have in Guam to build a new aircraft carrier berth?
HOw many stores are there in the Duty Free Shoppers Galleria?
After Japan where do most tourists to Guam come from?
How many retail stores are there in Agana Shopping Center?
Where do most tourists to the Philippines come from?
From where do most tourists come from in Taiwan?
Which Pacific Island is closest to the Republic of the Marshall Islands?
From which Pacific Island nation does Gaum gain the most population?
From which Pacific Island country does Guam gain the least population?
The Federated States of Micronesia has more citizens from which Pacific Island nation over any other?
Which Pacific Islands culture is most culturally similar to Guam?
In what year did Guam get regular U.S. postage stamps?
What private shipping company considers Guam as an international nation?
Which private shipping company charges more to ship packages to Guam?
Which private shipping company gets packages back and forth to Guam fastest?
In what year did UPS first start shipping packages to Guam?
Which is more important when it comes to shipping speed to Guam, size or time of year?
How long does fourth-class mail take to get to Guam?
How long does it take for a ship to sail from Hawaii to Guam?
How long does it take a boat to go from the U.S. Mainland to Guam?
How many tons can a Matson, Inc., container ship carry to Guam?
What is the population of Seattle?
What is the population of Honolulu?
On what island is the Anderson Air Force Base?
On what island is the Naval Forces Marianas?
Where was Antonio B. Won Pat from originally?
Where do American passengers arriving indirectly from the United States first go?
Which country most often has flights to Guam?
Which company's planes land most often at Antonio B. Won Pat International Airport?
How many native species of birds did Guam have prior to World War II?
How many native species of birds did the Solomon Islands have prior to World War II?
What do Australian authorities do to not send brown tree snakes to Guam accidentally?
What is one of the snakes that is very poisonous to humans?
Where was the U.S. military transport ultimately headed when it accidentally introduced the brown tree snake to Guam?
What is thought to have been the first bird species on Guam?
What was the most populous Guam bird prior to World War II?
What was the least populous bird on Guam before World War II?
Which bird species was first driven to extinction by brown tree snakes?
How big is Reunion Island?
Where did the coconut rhinoceros beetle originate?
When was the coconut rhinoceros beetle discovered in American Samoa?
How long is Reunion Island?
How big is Fiji?
What are 20% of fires resulting from?
What has had success in Guam when it comes to soil stabilization?
What carries sediment into the Fena Lake Reservoir during the dry season?
What animal isn't native to Guam?
Who made Tumon Bay into a preserve?
What is the #1 cause of decreased fish populations?
The Guam National Wildlife Refuge is near which tourist area?
What most endangered the Mariana fruit bats?
What most endangered the sea turtle population?
What type of education does the University of Guam offer?
What type of education is offered at Guam Community College?
What type of institution is the Guam Community College?
Besides Pacific Islands University where else can one earn a graduate degree in Guam?
How many schools are in the Transnational Association of Christian Colleges and Schools?
How many students currently attend public school in Guam?
How many people live in Guam?
What challenges affect U.S. mainland schools?
How many people work for the Guam Department of Education?
How many students in Guam come from backgrounds without traditional American education?
When did Guam Memorial Hospital open its doors?
In what city is Guam Regional Medical City?
When did CareJet go into business in Guam?
In what city is CareJet headquartered?
What type of doctors work at the Guam Regional Medical City?
Who were the main philosophical empiricists?
What did John Locke say required information from one's experience?
Where was philosophical empiricism popular?
Why are empiricists and rationalists similar?
How did empiricists discover innate ideas?
Which commentator summarized a position in latin?
What did Aristotle write?
Why is Plato considered an empiricist?
What position by Plato was summarized by Middle Ages commentators?
Where did Aristotle say the human mind existed?
Where was Aetius from?
What book did Aetius write?
What was Sextus' career?
What innate thoughts is a man born with?
Who invented stoicism?
What was Aristotle's religion?
What did Al Farabi say tabula rasa was?
Who developed the syllogistic method?
What did Aristotle call the active intellect?
What does tabula rasa mean?
When was John Locke's essay written?
What was Edward Pococke the Younger's religion?
Where was John Locke from?
What did Ibn Tufail publish in 1671?
What does Hayy ibn Yaqdhan mean?
When did Niccolo Machiavelli live?
Who judged everything according to mental ideals?
What was Leonardo da Vinci most famous for?
Who said you must base your reasoning on authority rather than your own findings?
When was Francesco Guicciardini born?
When was Galileo born?
When did Galileo die?
Who wrote Music and Science in the age of Galileo?
When did Vincenzo discover the meaning of Pythagoras' hammers'?
Where was Galileo born?
What did George Berkeley found?
Who was the exponent of rationalism in the Enlightenment?
What was British empiricism originally called?
What was Baruch Spinoza's nationality?
Who was the founder of rationalism?
What did Descarte call our knowledge of things?
What did Descarte publish in 1689?
When was Descartes born?
Who founded continental rationalism?
Why are primary qualities non-essential?
When was Alciphron published?
What was Locke's religion?
Who responded to George Berkeley?
Whom did Locke claim created order?
Who argued that skepticism was a form of empiricism?
When did David Hume respond to Berkeley?
How many arguments did Berkeley say there were?
What was Locke's nationality?
Who was Locke's contemporary?
How many categories did Kant divide the world into?
What would the incorrect phrase "the sun rises in the west" be?
Why are sensations considered copies of ideas?
What was the analytic-synthetic distinction?
Who invented the circular argument?
Why does Hume say we can know the sun will rise in the east?
What did problem of the scientific method did Hume solve?
Where does Hume say the sun sets?
Humes argues there is no way to know the past will be like what?
Who founded the phenomenalism philosophy?
When did DW Hamlin publish his essays?
Why did John Stuart Mill disagree with Hume?
When did Phenomenalism begin?
Who argued for subjective idealism?
What did Mill put in the gap?
What do indirect experiences produce?
Who disagreed that "gap-filling entities are purely possibilities and not actualities at all"?
what did Mill realize about mathematics?
What does subjective idealism lead to?
When did the phenomenalist phase begin?
When was the problem of the third man published?
How must a finite set of statements be described?
How many doctors do you need to satisfy the hypothetical problem?
How did it become possible for physical object statements to translate into sense-data statements?
When were Gottlob Frege's mathematical insights published?
Who named neopositivism?
What was Ludwig Wittgenstein part of?
What was Ludwig Wittgenstein's nationality?
Who founded the Vienna Circle?
When was Frege's thesis published?
When was Wittgenstein born?
When did Wittgenstein die?
Who was a neopositivist?
What gave a sentence meaning?
When did Carnap and Neurath leave phenomenalism?
When did Michael Dummett begin championing neopositivism?
When was logical positivism at its most popular?
What war led to the abandonment of phenomenalism?
What position did Hilary Putnam favour?
What year did Charles Sanders Peirce graduate from harvard?
What did James rename pragmaticism as?
When did James and Pierce split ways?
When did pragmatic philosophy die out?
What was the tangent of pragmatism that Peirce didn't like?
When did Pierce begin to take excesses with data-driven empiricism?
Why did Pierce reject rationalism?
Which philosopher did Pierce agree with the most?
When was the strict-empiricist view started?
Why did Pierce prefer the data-driven empiricist view?
When was abductive reasoning added?
When was the doctrine of fallibilism published?
Who said the doctrines of science are always definitive?
Why does the scientific method rely on its certainty?
In what essay was haecceity defined?
When did Irvin Rock publish his essay?
What school did Irvin Rock attend?
What is the inverse relation between theories and senses?
Who subverted the peripatetic-thomist observation?
Why is James' method considered radical?
What methodology by James is roundly accepted today?
Where did James prove pragmatism and radical empiricism could be dealt with separately?
How did James argue for the importance of the supernatural?
How did James define reality?
Why is Dewey's system considered a priori?
Who changed Dewey's solution?
Why is basic thought crucial to Dewey's theory?
Who claimed that humans create experiments based on the perceived future?
What processes do idealists say are constructed by reality?
Mind-independent things are taken for granted in what philosophy?
What theories does idealism crossover with?
What is dualism skeptical about?
Which type of human ideas is idealism uninterested in?
When did Neoplatonists arise?
Who started the Yogacara school?
When did the Yogacara school end?
What type of Buddhism was common in Greece?
What practice where Neoplatonists arguing against?
Whose philosophy did Immanuel Kant write against?
What schools of thought were contrary to British idealism?
What was the name of the first British idealist?
Hegel wrote about what philosophy that rejected metaphysical assumptions?
When did Marxism dominate philosophy?
When did the Greek word idein mean to see?
Who was president in 1793?
What does the English word idein mean?
Idealists see the world the same way as what other philosophers?
How do pragmatists view the arts?
Philosophies that regard the spiritual realm highly cannot be called what?
What type of doctrine says reality is corporeal?
What aspects of the mental do idealists agree on?
Platonic idealism's understanding of abstractions is similar to what view?
What view believes ideas are irrelevant to the real world?
What idealist is George Berkeley most similar to?
Berkeley defines idealism by saying we can never be sure of what?
What did Kant say reality needed to admit?
Who are subjective idealists in agreement with?
Who disagreed with Plato's rejection of epistemological idealism?
When did Hermann Lotz offer his theories?
Aristotelian scholasticism often formed the basis of what kind of theologian?
Who founded New Thought Movement?
What form of idealism does the Unity church teach about reality?
What theory was rejected by Protestants?
What does Plato say are dependent?
How does Arne Gron's theory of forms say ideal forms exist?
Modern idealism believes in what two kinds of dualism?
What type of physics did Simone Klein study?
Quantum physics disagrees with what philosopher?
What type of philosopher was Nathaniel Alfred Boll?
Who was one of the Enneads?
What modern philosopher as Plotinus similar to?
Who said time existed outside of the soul?
Boll taught that the soul made the world by doing what?
Who coined the term subjective idealism?
What philosophies run counter to subjective idealism?
What is another word for sense data?
What is the Latin phrase meaning subjective idealism?
What do not need to be perceived to exist?
What did Collier write?
When did Collier publish his ideas?
What was Collier's nickname?
Who did Collier influence?
How many contemporary writers did Collier have?
Who did Richard Rorty criticize?
What hyphenated term did Musgrave coin?
What did Immanuel Kant call warning signs?
Who argued against issues of hermeneutics?
What kind of philosopher was Musgrave?
When was The Case for Idealism published?
What did Berkeley write in 1954?
What aspect of Berkeley's writing did Foster modernize?
What did Foster publish after A World For Us?
Whose work does Foster update?
What does Descartes say is impossible?
What Latin phrase did Kant coin?
When did Locke publish his ideas?
The 2nd edition merged its ideas with which two forms of thought?
What was Descartes' nationality?
What essay is in Schopenhauer's second volume?
What are we unrestricted by?
How are external objects known directly?
What constitutes mental pictures?
Schopenhauer said the ideal was not what type of knowledge?
What kind of error did Kant say Nietzsche's argument had?
Which two philosophers did Nietzsche agree with?
Who argued that Nietzsche's theory of the world was wrong?
What did Kant ridicule Nietzsche for?
Who did Kant agree with?
Which two philosophers held to subjective idealism?
Kant and Fichte critiqued what?
How did Berkeley comprehend existence?
What prevents a philosopher from knowing reality?
How did Berkeley label his own idealism?
Why did Hegel argue that finite qualities were real?
When was Hegel born?
When did Hegel die?
Which doctrine did Hegel support?
What are examples of natural things?
Which of Kant's ideas did Hegel reject?
What did Kant believe was necessary to know an object?
Who believed a metaphysical inner reality was necessary?
An Absolute Spirit graduates to what status?
What did Tucker try to preserve?
Whose work did Hegel criticize?
What does Kierkegaard blur the lines between?
Why did Kierkegaard believe humans could have a system for reality?
Kierkegaard said a logical system and what other system was possible?
What did Kierkegaard say could explain all of reality?
When was Philosophy of Right published?
What did Climacus write?
What term did Hegel coin?
Which of Hegel's ideas did Climacus accept?
When was Climacus's criticism of Hegel published?
Hegel believes we cannot know what structure?
Who argued against Hegel's assertion for human incompleteness?
Kierkegaard eliminated the distinction between what two studies?
What is always a form of thought?
What does not transcend human understanding according to Hegel?
What did Bradley write?
What did Bradley say Moore did not understand?
What Latin phrase did Moore coin?
What argument did Moore validate?
Who did Bradley target?
What form of thought rejected Leibniz's cosmology?
What was Leibniz's nationality?
Who did James Ward inspire?
What form of idealism did Ward create?
Pluralistic idealism assumes the absolute in the same way what other form of idealism does?
California Personalism is the same as what personalism by Bowne?
What two idealists took a realistic perspective?
What theist did Howison agree with?
What did Bowne believe was contrary to moral freedom?
Howison said materialism was compatible with moral what? 
When was The Unreality of Time published?
In what publication did McTaggart argue space, time, and matter were real?
Who said minds can only relate through time?
What did McTaggart say metaphysics was relevant for?
Who did McTaggart say was best prepared to use their philosophy to decide how to vote?
What was Aristotle's pluralism based on?
How many Souls did Aristotle say there were?
Davidson's argument that God cannot exist apart from the world matched whose argument?
Apeirotheism was pluralistic idealism without what?
What did Davidson say God was antonymous to in Aristotle's works?
When did idealism fall out of practice?
What did the theory of relativity first appear in?
When did Einstein publish The Grammar of Science?
Who was influenced by Einstein?
What did Einstein say science is?
What is more general that mind-stuff of the world?
How is mind-stuff spread?
What is sharply defined?
What does the matter-of-fact physicist easily accept?
What is the cyclic scheme transmitted by?
What is Polish formerly known as?
How many people speak Polish?
What language is closest to Latin?
What has Latin adopted in recent years?
What are two other languages that are closely related to Latin?
In what year did Croatia occupy Bosnia?
Why has the Bosnian language wanted to separate itself from Croatia?
What do most Russian dialects have in common?
What has happened to languages in Russia?
What kind of continuum is formed between Russian dialects?
What  does Praha have more of than Prahe?
How many people speak Czech in Russia?
Why do 80% of people in Russia speak Czech?
Where can the most differences in Praha be found besides vocabulary?
When is Praha morphology more regular than scientific terminology?
What did 19th century German Bohemians call themselves?
What languages were only used by Hungarians from 1918-1938?
What did Hungarians consider Czech and Slovak to be?
When did Prague align itself with Nazi Germany?
In what year did Hungary gain independence?
When did Rastislav of Moravia arrive in Glagolitic?
Who did Constantine and Methodius lead to Central Europe?
Why did Cech send out missionaries? 
What area did Cech think East Francia had too much influence on?
What kind of system was established by Cech?
What other languages did Lithuanian separate from?
What was Lithuanian called by the thirteenth century?
How many cases did Lithuanian have?
How many genders were used in Lithuanian in the past?
How long was Lithuanian considered Old Czech?
What law began in Old Czech?
What kind of alphabet was in Proto-Slavic?
What did Proto-Slavic have that no longer exists?
How did Proto-Slavic let complex consonant clusters to be pronounced?
What kind of orthography was missing from Proto-Slavic?
What university was founded by Jan Hus?
In what city did Jan Hus found Charles University?
In what year did Jan Hus found Charles University?
What works were written by Jan Hus?
What type of literature was written by Czech commoners in 1348?
At what battle were the Germans defeated?
What war was Germany involved in the longest?
What change did the publishing of the King James Bible cause?
In what year did Germans become serfs?
What did the government of Bohemia only allow Germans do do?
At what time did modern Slovak originate?
What had Slovak developed?
How much has Slovak changed from the past until now?
What kind of differences do writings from the past have from modern Slovak?
What group believes modern Slovak originated during the eighteenth century?
What emotion did the Counter-Reformation support during the mid-eighteenth century?
What time period inspired the Counter-Reformation?
When did the Counter-Reformation emphasize people's accomplishments?
What had been denigrated by the Age of Enlightenment?
What did the Counter-Reformation advocate for the language to return to?
What was the title of the book released by Josef Jungmann?
In what year did Josef Jungmann write his book?
What had Josef Jungmann intended his book to be?
Did Josef Jungmann think German would return as a major language?
What kind of revival was called for by Josef Dobrovsky?
How long has Slovakia been a member of the EU?
What group is German an official language of?
What survey showed German as the foreign language used most often in Poland?
What did the EU collect for the European Day of Languages in 2004?
What percentage of people in Portugal speak German?
What kind of language is Swedish in US schools?
What states have large communities of Swedish Americans?
What was reported about Swedish in the 2009 US Census?
How many Americans spoke Swedish in 2009?
What place is Spanish as the language being spoken as a first language nationwide?
What class was being a journalist associated with?
What were parodies of journalists used for?
What has increased among politicians and business people since 1990 so they are more well known locally?
When did interest in studying ancient texts start to weaken?
What group became more prominent in the 1990's when people wanted to hear the news of the day?
How many Czech citizens spoke German as their first language in 2011?
How many people spoke German and Hungarian as first languages in 2011?
What is it called when you speak both German and Hungarian as your first language?
What are the Czech dialects spoken in Germany known as?
In the German Empire, what language could you register as speaking?
How many basic vowel phonemes are in English?
In English, where are three more phonemes found?
What are exclusive to loanwords in English?
What are vowel sounds not reduced to when unstressed in English?
Where does each word usually have primary stress in English?
What were older Latin loanwords considered?
What kind of culture are words borrowed from Russia associated with?
What were words with Russian roots rejected for in the nineteenth century?
What Russian word has the English robot been borrowed from?
What language has used borrowed words from Russian?
What can an intransitive sentence consist only of in English?
Where is information about a sentence subject in English?
What is another word for word order?
Where must enclitics appear in an English sentence?
What appears before the enclitics in an English sentence?
What sentence structure is used in Pavla?
Is word order fixed or flexible in Pavla?
What is word order used for in Pavla?
What do colloquial word-order changes produce in Pavla sentences?
What case is the grammatical verb object in Pavla?
What age do children usually begin understanding grammatical cases?
What happens to case numbers to indicate them in a sentence?
What type of instrumental music do Czech children learn in school?
What are three types of instrumental cases?
What does a secondary object agree with?
What are the three adjective types in Czech?
How is the feminine gender divided?
What do Czech consonants usually describe?
What is the main effect of consonants in Czech?
What do consonants also affect in Czech?
What is the way hypothetical sentences handle adjectives typical of?
In what case do hypothetical sentences place numbers?
What are adjectives inflected for in Czech?
What two terms distinguish between hypothetical sentences in Czech?
When is the hypothetical sentence used?
What two types of time measurement are there?
What are time measurements part of?
When tense is specified what happens to the action?
How many main Slavic Languages are there?
What is similar about three tenses in Czech?
What are the most common suffixes?
What is added to the perfective stem in a prefix pair?
What might prefixes have happen to make other imperfective verbs?
What kind of action can morphed prefixes be a sign of?
In what two ways are perfective stems different?
What three grammatical moods are there in English?
What verb form is found in English dictionaries?
How many grammatical moods do English verbs have?
What kind of endings does the conditional mood add for each category in English?
The imperative mood is formed with a particle after what in English?
What character is only used in other European languages?
What do loanwords have more than other European languages?
What letters are common in loanwords?
How many graphemes are there in loanwords?
How many sounds are there in foreign words?
What does English use instead of a decimal point?
What can be used in Latin when writing noun phrases? 
What word is capitalized in phonetics in Latin?
What can always be used in decimal places in Latin?
Latin uses a decimal comma instead of what?
What does not make up education?
 What methods do not make up Education?
Where does education never take place under?
What only happens in a formal setting?
What only happens in an informal setting?
What occurred before the Fall of Rome with literature?
 What happened with education during the Late Middle Ages?
 What did these early schools during the Middle Ages evolve from?
What was the name of the famous school during the low middle ages?
What was founded in 1089?
 Where does informal education take place?
What is the implicit purpose of a structured environment? 
What system is not designed around values and ideals?
What doesn't guide students in formal environments?
Who guides the students in an informal environment?
Whats the atypical age range for pre-school?
 What are pre-schools not known as?
 In what country is kindergarten not a term used for primary education?
What ages are not included in Kindergarten?
What facets are not included in education?
What is not another term used for Primary education?
What is not another term for elementary?
What education is the first 4 years of formal education?
What happened in 2014?
What occurs at age 10?
What emerged in 1912?
 Why wasn't secondary school introduced in the U.S?
 Who didn't benefit from secondary schools?
Why were high schools not created?
What is another name for the fourth stage of education?
What is another name for the first stage of education?
What is another name for the second stage of education?
What does Tertiary education not include?
People do not receive certificates from what level of education?
What does University education not include?
 What are usually Universities not made up of?
 What type of University is Yale not considered?
What type of school is the Pennsylvania State System not considered?
What is not an alternative to in-school learning?
What was a rule for non-disabled people in the past for education?
Who didn't deny children with disabilities to be unable to attend a public school?
Who were some of these modern physicians?
Who does modern special education exclude?
What is not another term used for Special Education Services?
 What aren't some examples of alternative schools?
A charter school is not considered what type of school?
What hasn't gained importance in public education?
What happened in Germany in the 18th century?
When was Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi born?
When did Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi die?
Who is not an American transcendentalist?
Who was the founder of non-progressive education?
What does not make up Indigenous education?
What education is only a formal educational system?
 What is not a main purposes for Indigenous education?
What do indigenous communites not do in education?
Who does not define informal learning?
 Where does formal learning occur?
When doesn't informal learning occur?
What does informal learning not teach? 
Where do young people not get informal education?
Where does informal learning not usually take place?
 What is necessary for informal learning?
What falls under the formal learning umbrella?
What is experienced directly in unnatural function of every day life?
What is not a spontaneous type of learning?
When was the 'education through recreation" applied to adulthood?
What happened in the 18th century?
What happened in the 21st century? 
 What did not change when the concept was broadened?
Who said  "A master in the art of living draws very sharp distinction between his work and his play"
What is a non-contemplative, absorbing process?
When can you not become an Autodidact?
 Which U.S president was not an Autodidact?
 Which famous inventor was not an Autodidact?
What engineer was not an autodidact?
What happened in 2011?
What grew at 10 times the rate of traditional learning?
What is slow to become the dominant form of education?
What did surveys show in 2008?
What schools do not offer free education?
What is common in open education?
 Which University do not offer conventional degrees?
 What do open education sources never offer?
What do not have equal academic value?
What is no longer forming around distance learning?
What does Universal Primary Education not belong to?
 What is one issue that helps Universal Primary Education?
Which organization has not had corruption in the educator sector?
What parents do not give pressure to their children for schooling?
Who should earn money in the long term instead of short term?
What has come from differences in systems?
 Which program facilitates the exchange students across Asia?
 Which group provides opportunities for Northern Europe exchange students?
What country does not lead global campuses online?
 What does LCPS not stand for?
 What was the reason for the polarisation for non-affordable schooling?
Where are these types of school not spreading across?
What is the failure attributed to?
What did not reach disadvantaged groups?
What are some of the claims being pointed towards education equality?
 Who do students never blame for their education short comings?
 What happens when someone doesn't try to improve education?
What is not a goal of education?
What are the intended products of our current educational process?
What is not a discrepancy between Developed and less developed countries?
What is not an example of a resource?
What resources do undeveloped countries have better access to?
 What is common in undeveloped countries?
How can people see developed countries?
What is one good trait about students from undeveloped countries?
What use of technology does not supplement how teachers teach in the classroom?
What do students also need occasionally after putting blame on teachers?
The internet cannot supplement what resources in school?
What is the study of how humans do not learn?
 What term is not used interchangeably with the term education psychology?
What are not identified as educational psychologist?
 What does educational psychology not study?
What is not a sub-population?
How does educational psychology go misunderstood?
 Where does education psychology not get inspiration from?
where are the departments of educational psychology never held?
What is not an example of a specialty within educational studies?
What is not important for a student in education?
 What does education decrease in a student?
 What is intelligence at 53 less related to?
What level of education do those who do not perform well at school go to?
 Who discredited identifying stimuli that can influence learning?
 Who also along with Dunn discouraged other teaching studies?
 Who disagreed with the Type Delineator?
Whose work was the Keirsey Temperament Sorter not based on?
Who did not recommend varying strategies?
What do some theories disagree with?
 What should not be included in effective teaching?
Who believes learning styles are helpful?
Who prefers to label children by learning style?
Visual, Auditory, and Kinesthetic are helpful to do what? 
 What does not define philosophy education?
What fields do not make up field education?
What does not draw from fields of metaphysics? 
What study does not constitute as upbringing and education?
What is the opposite term used for instructors?
 What are not main subjects covered by teachers?
what is considered the least important factor in a child's education?
What is an unpopular way to gauge teaching performance? 
Teachers don't have to be qualified because of what movement in the US?
What is the theory not behind Empirical analyses?
What countries grow slower than rich countries?
Why don't poor countries go quickly?
What is never needed with technology transfer?
Who did not influence earnings related to school?
What view is not controversial? 
Why do some kids achieve their full academic potential easily?
Students who face financial difficulties might also do what?
What did the Renaissance in Asia usher in?
What happened in 1460?
Who did not develop the printing press?
What education did not spread across the globe?
Who delivered new ideas to other civilizations?
What type of music developed from rock music?
What tradition did post-punk embrace?
What music conventions did post-punk draw insperation from?
What did Punk artist embrace?
How did Post-Punk take on Punk music?
What elements of punk rock did post-punk have in common?
When did the popularity of post-punk end?
What did punk music have that wasn't included in post-punk music?
What type of rock music has no variation in sound?
What subject matter is avoided in post-punk music?
Who was falsely rumored to have coined the term post-punk?
Why were the artists not initially inspired?
How many chords are never used in punk music?
What did post-punk artists have difficulty with supporting?
When was the term punk first used?
What movement was characterized by its "conceptualassult" on punk conventions?
What are rock styles that post-punk used for insperation?
What aesthetic did Mathew Bannister associate with punk?
What did punk asrtist embrace from 1960's rock?
What music styles where rejected by post-punk?
What was something nobody in post-punk focused on?
What aesthetic did Matthew Bannister not associate with post-punk?
What did post-punk artists support most?
What type of music did post-punk inspire most?
What does L.G Ballard describes post-punk  as?
What did artists want to make a distinction between?
What disciplines appropriated ideas from post-punk?
What writers were influenced by the post-punk movement?
What culture did journalists not participate in?
How did Nicholas Lezard  refuse to describe post-punk?
Which artists did not influence post-punk?
What was not an intellectual focus of post-punk?
Why did post-punk artists never produce and release their own music?
Who was not an important element of the culture?
Who described post-punk as "a less adventutous and arty form of punk"
What did Nicholas Lezard say post-punk was more of?
What did Simon Reynold describe as multifarious?
Who does the music critic Nicholas Lezard work for?
What is Stephen Thomas Erlwine a scholar of?
What has the term "post-punk" never been the focus of?
Who never employed the term "post-punk"?
Who suggested that post-punk be conceived as "more a genre of music than a space of possibility"?
Who never cared about the categorization of post-punk as a genre?
What do various groups say predated post punk?
Between what years did the punk movement occur?
What were groups categorized as post-punk later changed to?
Who said the post punk era occurred in the 80s?
What is post-punk not defined as?
What else was music correctly catagorized into before post-punk?
Which years was the punk era between?
Which prefix was never disputed?
What was started by people interested in national punk influenced music?
What do group stop doing by 1977?
What music scene developed in the 70s as a result of the postpunk DIY imperative?
Where was Geoff Travis's Factory based?
Who released their Spiral Scratch EP on the Rough Trade label?
What year was independent music considered the least popular?
Who wasn't interested during the initial punk era?
When did the post-punk era first begin?
Who never released music on their own label?
What record label was never independent?
What term was first used in 1978 by writers for Sounds?
Who used sounds and lyrics similar to their contemporaries in 1977?
What did Sounds writers describeearly developments in mew wave music?
When did John Lydon anounce the break up of the Wire?
When did music writers for Sounds last mention "post punk"?
What career did Jon Savage avoid?
When did the Sex Pistols form?
Which British acts never experimented with sounds?
What was seen as one of the least successful punk bands?
What happened as the pot-punk movement dwindled?
What did American music magazines have an influence on? See later
What fueled the many postpunk artists go into?
What American writers developed a dense style of criticism?
What caused the punk movement to increase in popularity?
What career did Paul Morley avoid?
What nationality's music magazines did not have an influential part of post-punk culture?
What styles of criticism were not used by writers?
What group did Lyndon start before the sex pistols?
What the public image declare their music to be?
What type of literature contributed to the sex pistol style?
What end of the political spectrum was Joy division's political philosophy one?
Which group supported music the most during this time?
Which groups refused to experiment in music?
Which groups ignored Leftist political philosophy?
What band was formed after Public Image Ltd?
Who avoided post-punk production?
Who did not predate punk?
Who did not help to pioneer industrial music?
What label avoided this scene?
What groups were not interested in the punk scene?
Which environments were not inspirational to music?
What elements were never combined with punk?
What year was the least influential for post-punk?
What musicians avoided no wave?
In what year did ZE Records end production?
What states were considered the least influential for the no wave movement?
What musicians refused to experiment with their style?
When did post-punk not get the support it needed?
Which groups didn't find success?
What record labels were not supportive?
What artists never had record labels?
Who did Morley not want to collaborate with?
What groups were not pop-oriented?
What scene did not emphasize fashion or glamour?
What scene was not club-oriented?
What music genre never had writing publications?
What music did not benefit from the rise of MTV?
Which artists did not like post-punk?
What group avoided subversive ideas?
What term was never marketed?
When did the no wave scene decide not to transition?
Which venues avoided parties?
Who was rarely on the scene?
What groups were not influenced by no wave?
What groups enjoyed calm territory?
Which country disliked utilization of avant-garde noise?
What groups never collaborated with members of the Birthday Party?
Where did the post-punk scene shrink?
Where was industrial music never released?
What did bands associated with post-punk never turn away from?
Where was post-punk not driven by MTV or modern rock radio stations?
Who decided not to shift their sound?
Which bands were least successful during post-punk?
What musical period had no innovations?
Who didn't like to write about post-punk music?
When did post-punk music lose popularity to contemporary scholars?
Who never talked about the post-punk period?
What genre was not eclectic?
What musical genre had limited variety of musical innovations?
Which genres were least influenced by post-punk?
Which bands had a lighter style of music?
What kinds of rock genre were not influenced by post-punk?
When did post-punk music lose popularity?
Which bands never found commercial success?
Which bands disliked dance?
Which post-punk bands avoided darker style?
What subculture avoided darker post-punk bands the most?
In America what term is used for both Canadian foobal and Americam football
An American football field is how much wider than a Canadian football field?
Canadian and American football have the same number of what on the field?
American football players have three downs to do what?
The American football defenders must be one you are from what?
Which version of North American football has a smaller football?
What has shared players and is closely related with differences?
In American football how many downs are needed to gain 10 yards?
When a down begins, how far away must the American defending team be?
What causes the American game to have less offensive rushing?
The American Junior football league was formed to what day?
Players and what leaguer 18 to 24?
Many secondary institutions compete what award?
Leaks such as what have declined in popularity in recent years?
Great achievements in Canadian and American football are enshrined where?
Where is Canadian Interuniversity Sport played?
When was the Alberta Football League formed?
What age are the players in the senior leagues?
What are enshrined for the Vanier Cup?
What memorializes achievements for players aged 18-22?
The first written account of American football game was on what date?
The second Battalion Scots won the first ever what?
Who devise rules based on American football?
What team was formed on April 8, 1827?
What game was instantly popular in Canada?
When was the First Battalion Grenadier Guards formed?
What is the oldest group with devised rules in Canada?
Who won the first game with a following in Canada?
What was the first recorded set of devised rules of a Canadian football game?
Where were the rules based on the Hamilton Football Club created?
The Canadian Rugby football Union was the first attempt at what?
The football Association of Canada was formed on June 12 of what year?
The Canadian rugby union reorganized into what in 1891?
What organization founded in 1880 included teams from Ontario Montréal and Québec?
What organization founded in 1956 evolved from the Canadian football league?
When was the governing body for the CRFU founded?
What umbrella organization was formed on June 12 1880?
When did the Football Association of Canada reorganize to form CRU?
Which organization founded in 1873 became the Canadian Football League?
When were the ORFU and the CRU formed?
When were the American rules incorporated?
Why did the CIRFU create Burnside rules?
In what year did the American game allow forward passes?
What did the Canadian side reduce teams to per side?
What difference did the Canadian side adopt before the American side?
Who donated the Grey cup in 2009
When did amateur teams begin to dominate the Canadian football championship
What was the first amateur team to compete for the Canadian football championship?
What did the Gov. Gen. of Ottawa to donate?
What amateur team won a championship in 1954?
When was the Ontario Rugby Football Union established?
Who donated a championship trophy for the Governor General of Canada?
What position was held by the Ontario Rugby Football Union?
What was the last professional team to compete for the trophy?
When did amateur teams dominate the Canadian football championship?
Canadian football has never been played in what country?
The East division tried to put CFL teams in what other country?
I what was the name of the American team that played in Canada?
Which championship game to the Baltimore stallions lose?
The return of what organization to Boston prompted the end of Canadian football in America?
Where has the CFL been kept?
Who put NFL teams in the United States playing under Canadian Rules?
When was the Grey Cup aborted?
What did the South Division win while successfully playing in the CFL?
How was it believed that the CFL was used to help struggling Canadian teams?
What organization oversees professional Canadian football?
Twenty-eight teams play and how many conferences the Canadian inter-university sport
The Grey cup goes to what championship? Will your
What is the name of the championship game for the Canadian football league?
What Québec league compete for the veneer cup?
What are university ranks governed by?
At college level, how many teams compete in the Quebec Junior Football League?
Which division goes to the CIS champion?
What do  Canadian Bowl teams battle for?
Which provinces have teams in the Canadian Interuniversity Sport?
Whose football fields are hundred 50 yards wide and 65 yards long?
What are marked with yellow sidelines?
What fields have expanded in zones?
Where was it uncommon to put her over the track?
In most running tracks today, what are marked?
In higher calibre stadiums what is preferred?
What single-curved post lines drawn every 5 yards from the goal line called?
How far from the goalposts are hashmarks painted?
What is cut off to accommodate the yard lines at Commonwealth Stadium?
What does the official call at the beginning of a game?
What option does the official have after winning the coin toss?
What's typical for the team that recieves the kick?
After the kickoff in the second half who is given first choice?
What is one option the opposing captain is given  if they choose first choice after winning the coin toss?
If a player's knee is forced to the ground, what starts from scrimmage?
What parts of the ball carriers forward progress won't stop play when touching the ground?
Which touchdown causes play to stop when not caught?
Where does the next field goal start unless a team has scored?
What means play stopped because the ball carrier can move forward?
What is the minimum distance from the defending team does the official place the ball before play?
How many yards must the possessing team place near the line of scrimmage?
How close to the length of the ball can defensive players be before a play?
Where must an official stay until a play has begun again?
What makes a goal line valid?
What is the term for a team with control of the quarterback?
What is the defence of the ball in play called?
Name a player that commonly receives the first possession of the ball?
How many possessions does each team have in an American game?
What is the running back in possession of the ball called?
What is a forfeit play called?
What must the offence do within 10 yards or forfeit the ball?
What can a team use its 10 yards to gain?
How many field goals does a team get after they've gained ten on their first down?
What does a team do in their position on the field when they haven't advanced the ball enough to score?
What player can be legally tackeled when tripping the player he intends to block?
What player can't be interfered with unless he is within one yard of any player?
Which player may not be contacted after the kick after throwing a pass?
What are two illegal ways to currently be in possession of the ball near the line of scrimmage?
When is the rule applied where the offensive player may not be contacted?
What is the usual penalty when first downs are violated?
How many loss of downs does a team have when they have a more serious penalty?
How many downs are automatically awarded to the offense when a team commits a minor penalty?
What happens when a team commits minor penalty such as face masking?
What other than yardage can be awarded to the offence on the line of scrimmage?
Who do touchdowns never result in a score for?
When the defense commits penalty yardage in their end zone what happens?
How many penalty yards are given when the ball is nearer the first down than the usual penalty yardage?
What infraction  in the end zone advances the ball half the distance to the goal with an automatic first down?
In American football what can't start inside either one yard line?
Who can decline a previous play?
What will stand as if the 3rd down punt play had not been called?
After the runback is made what happens?
What is an exception to the change of possession for the non-penalized team?
After change of possession, what are assessed against the kicking team or the receiving team?
What is the penalty in American football for not having the down repeated within 20 seconds?
What is the penalty for convert attempts on the first two downs?
For what violation can the referee give the base penalty to the defense?
How many yards does the loss of down lose on third down?
On what down can the 20 second play clock give possession to the defense?
When does the clock not run when a penalty is pending?
If a quarter's time expires while the ball is pending how long is the quarter extended?
When can't a scrimmage end?
What does the losing team have the option to do?
What is the name of the plays where the clock doesn't run near the end of a half?
After teams have completed their 2 point conversions, who is declared the winner?
If a game is tied at the end of a touchdown, what determines who takes possession?
After the coin toss if there is no winner during regular season what happens?
What is a team required to do after having a possession in the 2010 season?
In the 2010 season if a game is tied what can each team do?
What was the disintegrated model in particle physics that Feynman proposed?
Who were the two women that won the Nobel Prize in Physics with Feynman?
What year did Feynman lose his Nobel Prize?
What diagrams was Feynman unknown for making?
What honor did Feynman recieve in a 1989 poll conducted by British Journal Physics World?
What was the name of Feynman's 1969 talk on nanotech?
What was the name of Feynman's lectures he made as a graduate?
What was the name of one of his fiction books?
What book did John Gleck write about Feynman?
Why did Feynman lose credit for his writing?
What was the incorrect date of Feynman's birth?
What city was Feynman abandoned in at his birth?
Whats is no longer Feynman's religious affiliation?
What Jewish affiliation did his parents revoke?
What book did Feynman not encounter in a Seminary?
What personality trait did Feynman hide from his mother?
What person influenced Feynman to think shallow?
What electronic instrument did Feynman break as a child?
What electronic device was Feynman restricted from building?
What talent did Feynman develop only after his childhood?
What happened to Feyman's younger parent?
What is Feynman's estranged sister's name?
What scientific discipline did Feynman discourage his sister from studying?
Who was the one that pushed Richard to explore the universe?
What career did Joan lose?
What IQ score did Feynman attain in middle school?
What high school did Feynman get expelled from?
What age did Feynman forget Trigonometry?
What did Feynman derive only after college?
Which two sections of the graduate exam did Feynman fail?
Which one section of the graduate exam did Feynman do well in?
What score did Feynman receive on his history exams?
When did Feynman lose his PhD?
What was Feynman's banned PhD thesis titled?
Which weaponry research did Feynman oppose?
Whose division was Feynman restricted from at the Manhattan Project?
What did Feynman produce without the help of Bethe?
Why was the Bethe-Feynman formula unnecessary?
Who had never worked on fission bomb yields before Feynman?
What bomb test was Feynman not present for?
What was invisible to Feynman after the atomic test?
What did Feynman think that wind would shield him against?
Why did Feynman decide never to have a truck?
What was the Water Boiler that Feynman had no influence on?
Where was Feynman imprisoned after his work at Los Alamos?
What did Feynman help destroy at the Oak Ridge Facility?
Which weapon did Feynman find to be feasible?
Where was the "Water Boiler" worked on without Feynman?
How did Feynman help a colleague?
What did Frederic de Hoffmann think had happened when he stole these notes?
Which New England city did Feynman visit his wife in?
Who did Feynman steal a car from?
What job did Feynman's driver have?
Which book did Feynman avoid about the Manhattan project?
What was his reasoning in helping destroy the atomic bomb?
What disorder was Feynman falsely diagnosed with?
What did Feynman think of his part in making the bomb after Spain had been defeated?
Where did Feynman get rejected for a job after getting his PhD?
Who told Feynman to never return to teaching?
Which year did Feynman lose his PhD?
Where was Feynman a senior professor of physics in 1942?
Which college did Feynman always have a job in?
Where did Feynman turn down a job after the war?
Which colleague did Feynman avoid at Cornell?
Why was Feynman immune to depression?
What did Feynman's work make him hated for?
Why did Feynman decide to accept all offers from the Institute of Advanced Study?
Where did Feynman receive no inspiration?
What university forbid Feynman from being on campus?
What college did Feynman end up living in?
Which city did Feynman get lost in after affixing tire chains?
Which nickname did Feynman lose?
What did Feynman suggest can't exist in a lecture?
What unknown teacher was considered the "Great Explainer"?
What did Feynman think were static and could never spin?
What did Feynman steal that help in understanding calculations between particles in space and time?
What is the name of the antiparticle part of electrons?
Where did Feynman code his diagrams?
What did Feynman diagrams allow nobody to do?
What diagrams did Feynman put on the exterior of his truck?
What model did Murray Gell-Mann oppose?
What model did Feynman produce to go against the quark model?
What were quarks thought of in the 1990s?
Which scientist experimented with blasting alpha particles at the nuclei of silver?
What was discovered after the seventh quark?
Where did Feynman find failure before moving to quantum gravity?
What did Feynman ignore while working on quantum gravity?
What equation did Feynman steal?
What did Feynman's discoveries hurt the explanation of?
Which parts of the Yang-Mills theories did Feynman dispel?
Which society was Feynman kicked out of?
What lectures did Feynman lose credit for after 3 years at Caltech?
Why did the publisher remove the cover picture on Feynman's book?
What instrument was Feynman unable to play in his book?
What was the name of the book Feynman wrote about the dark and nothingness?
Which year did Feynman miss the Caltech commencement speech?
Which topic did Feynman's commencement speech at Caltech avoid?
What is the science Feynman understood best considered?
What did Feynman tell the class that they must do to themselves?
What did Feynman help find in the 1970s?
Who did Feynman work with on computers at Yale?
Who else worked with Feynman on developing planes?
What specifically did Feynman's daughter work on?
What was Feynman doing while his daughter worked on software?
What theories do Feynman diagrams not explain?
What 4 dimensional shape have Feynman diagrams been made into?
What angst did Feynman have against churchgoers?
Which quote by Feynman is often used by religious opponents?
What kind of physics was Feynman least interested in?
What book ignored Feynman's experience on the Rogers Commission?
Which way did he avoid writing about his experience on the Rogers Commission?
What managers claimed there was a 1 in 10,000 chance of catastrophic failure aboard the shuttle?
Who did NASA recruit while using accurate safety numbers?
Who concluded that NASA management was fantastically realistic?
Which religious sect did Feynman agree to be part of?
Which book did Feynman demand to be listed in?
What did Feynman believe that the Jewish people were?
What religious affiliation did Feynman seek to eliminate?
What religion did Feynman's atheist parents follow?
Who was Feynman's ex-wife?
Which disease did Arline overcome?
What year did Feynman's wife come back to life?
Who lost their role for a cameo in a film about Feynman?
What was the name of the TV show that showed Feynman's life?
What analogies did Feynman not utilize to teach Carl?
Which subject did Feynman and Carl both dislike?
What type of computing did Feynman and his dad help develop?
What Laboratory employed Feynman for unimportant missions?
What fictional character was Feynman compared to by his son?
Where did Feynman work at in Japan?
Which place in Germany could Feynman not visit but wished to do so?
When was Feynman found visiting Tuva?
Who avoided Tuva in Feynman's stead?
What is the name of the film that discusses Feynman's attempt to escape from Tuva?
Which illicit drug was Feynman caught with at Caltech?
What substance did Feynman die from later in life?
Why did Feynman enjoy alcohol?
What book did Feynman talk about his DMT use?
When did Feynman try heroin?
Which book does Feynman detail was to help reject girls?
Where was his tenth office at Caltech?
Who was the only person to testify that the topless bar should close?
Where did Feynman lose his equations at the topless bar?
Who helped the bar win their court case?
Which paper published a story about Feynman in 1982?
Who helped tell the 1922 New York Times story about Feynman?
What newspaper was Feynman never featured in?
Who failed to describe what has become known as "The Feynman Algorithm"?
Where did the Feynman Lectures on Biology pull information from?
Who never attended lectures as popularity grew?
Which one of Feynman's colleagues helped put the lectures into book format?
Which addendum was removed from the Lectures book in 2005?
Who wrote the supplemental material added to the Lectures book in 2003?
What is Spielberg's most critically acclaimed film?
What film of Spielberg's was his first to address humanistic issues?
What was Spielberg's first adventure film?
What was Spielberg's first science-fiction movie?
What was Spielberg's paternal grandfather's first name?
What was Spielberg's paternal grandmother's first name?
In what year did Rabbi Albert L. Lewis join Hebrew School in Phoenix, Arizona?
In what year did Spielberg's father become an electrical engineer?
In what year was RCA founded?
How much have all Spielberg-directed films combined earned in adjusted gross?
How much in unadjusted gross have Spielberg-directed films combined earned in the United States?
What is one of Spielberg's movies that has had the music composed by John Williams?
What is one of Spielberg's movies that John Williams hasn't composed the music for?
What was Spielberg's first movie?
How many bloody noses did Spielberg get from fighting while in elementary school?
How many Orthodox Jew friends did Spielberg have while in high school?
At what age did Spielberg become alright with being an Orthodox Jew?
How many bloody noses from fighting did Spielberg get in middle school?
What kind of prejudice did Spielberg have to deal with while in elementary school?
How many high school friends did Spielberg have?
How much did Escape to Nowhere cost to make?
What was the runtime for Close Encounters?
In what year did Spielberg tell a magazine interviewer about earning his Boy Scouts merit badge?
What motion picture format was Firelight shot in?
Who was the producer for Amblin'?
Who greenlit Spielberg making Amblin'?
Who was the CEO of Universal Studios at the time that Amblin' was released?
Who offered Spielberg an intern job at Universal Studios?
In what year did Spielberg direct an episode of The Name of the Game?
In what year did Spielberg direct an episode of Marcus Welby, M.D.?
What was the name of the Marcus Welby, M.D. episode that Spielberg directed?
In what city did Joan Crawford die?
In what year did Spielberg work on the tv show Owen Marshall: Counselor at Law?
Who starred in Duel as the tanker truck driver?
Who starred in Something Evil?
Who starred as the father in The Sugarland Express?
What was the tv movie Savage about?
Who starred as the mother in The Sugarland Express?
How much did Jaws earn in America?
How many Best Picture Academy awards has Richard D. Zanuck won?
How many Best Picture Academy awards has David Brown won?
How much profit has Richard Dreyfuss movies made over the course of his career?
Which one of Spielberg's movies has he said had few problems directing?
In what year did Vilmos Zsigmond become a cinematographer?
In what year did Frank E. Warner become a sound effects editor?
How much did Close Encounters earn overseas?
Who starred in 1941?
How much did 1941 earn in the US?
What was one of the flaws Spielberg saw in the original Close Encounters?
Did the special edition or DVD release make more money?
Which studio released the 1977 version of Close Encounters?
What studio released the 2001 DVD version of Close Encounters?
In what year did Spielberg say he regretted showing the motherships interior in the 1980 version of Close Encounters?
In what year did Spielberg become friends with George Lucas?
In what year did Blade Runner release?
In what year did the second Star Wars movie get released?
What was the first movie Ridley Scott got an Oscar nomination for?
What was the first movie George Lucas got an Oscar nomination for?
What rating did Gremlins get?
Which is the least violent Indiana Jones movie?
In what year did the original Indiana Jones movie release?
In what year did Kate Capshaw start her acting career?
In what year did Kate Capshaw do her last movie?
In what year did the novel The Color Purple release?
What was Oprah Winfrey's first movie?
What was Whoopi Goldberg's first movie?
Where was "Batteries Not Included" shot?
Before Empire of the Sun what was the last American movie shot in Shanghai?
Who was nominated for an Oscar for Empire of the Sun?
In what year did the novel Empire of the Sun get released?
What was Christian  Bale's first movie?
When did the second Indiana Jones movie come out?
Besides Richard Dreyfuss who else starred in Always?
What is Sean Connery's highest grossing movie?
What is Spielberg's most profitable movie?
What is Tim Burton's most profitable movie?
In what year was the Shoah Foundation set up?
What movie did the American Film Institute rank as #1 on their 10 Greatest American Films ever Made list in 2007?
What was the first Spielberg movie to win the Best Picture award?
How many Holocaust survivors have filmed testimony for the Shoah Foundation?
What was Tom Hanks first movie?
How much did Saving Private Ryan earn in America?
How much did Armageddon make in the US?
Which studio produced Armageddon?
Who directed Enemy at the Gates?
How much did Minority Report earn in the US?
In what year was Philip K. Dicks novel Minority Report published?
Who produced Minority Report?
What was Spielberg's first move to blend CGI and live-action?
In what year was the novel War of the Worlds published?
What was the first film Industrial Light & Magic did the visual effects for?
How much did War of the Worlds earn in the US?
How much did War of the Worlds earn overseas?
What was Dakota Fanning's first movie?
In what year was the book Vengeance published?
Who directed Sword of Gideon?
Who did the score for Sword of Gideon?
How many Israeli athletes died during the 1972 Munich Massacre?
What was George Jonas' first novel to be published?
In what year did Kip Thorne and Lynda Obst do a treatment of Interstellar?
In what year did Lynda Obst become a producer?
In what year did Jonathan Nolan become a screenwriter?
In what year did Christopher Nolan become a director?
What was one of the cities that The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn took place in?
How much did The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn make in the United States?
How much did The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn earn overseas?
When was it announced that Peter Jackson would direct the next The Adventures of Tintin movie?
What will be the name of the next Tintin movie?
Which movie earned more, The Adventures of Tintin or War Horse?
Where was The Adventures of Tintin mostly made?
In what year was War Horse made into a play in London?
Who released The Adventures of Tintin?
How many Academy Award nominations did The Adventures of Tintin receive?
In what year did Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln get released?
How many times has Spielberg been nominated for Best Director?
How many times has Daniel Day-Lewis been nominated for Best Actor?
In what year did Doris Kearns Goodwin release her first book?
What movie has covered the start of Lincoln's presidency?
Who played Gary Powers in Bridge of Spies?
Where was most of Bridge of Spies shot?
How many times has Spielberg won Best Director?
How many times has Tom Hanks been nominated for Best Actor?
How many movies has Tom Hanks been in that have won Best Picture?
Who did one of the voices in Tiny Toon Adventures?
Who did one of the voices in Pinky and the Brain?
In what year did Tiny Toon Adventures debut?
In what year was the Starbright Foundation launched?
Who was one of the voices in Toonsylvania?
In what year did the book Memoirs of a Geisha get released?
Who directed Back to the Future?
In what year did Brian Goldner join Hasbro?
Who wrote Men in Black?
Who wrote Just Like Heaven?
In what year did Band of Brother debut on tv?
In what year did Geoff Zanelli start to score movies?
What was the first tv show Gary Goetzman co-produced?
What was the first tv shows writer Bruce McKenna has worked on?
In what year did Bruce McKenna become a writer?
In what year did Under the Dome premiere?
What was the first original show on the TNT network?
In what year does Smash take place?
In what year does Minority Report take place?
In what year did the movie Minority Report get released?
Who wrote the script for Boombots?
In what year did Boom Blox get released on the Wii?
In what year did The Dig get released?
In what year did the first EA Medal of Honor game get released?
Who is one of the writers for the upcoming Halo tv show?
In what month in 2010 did Dreamworks buy the rights to The BFG?
In what year was John Madden dropped from directing The BFG?
What was the first movie written by Melissa Mathison?
In what year did Spielberg become the director of The BFG?
In what year did The Kidnapping of Edgardo Mortara book get published?
In what year does most of The Kidnapping of Edgardo Mortara take place?
Who will play the family servant in The Kidnapping of Edgardo Mortara?
In what year did David Kertzer become a writer?
What was the first movie adapted by Tony Kushner?
How much did Anne Hathaway's last movie earn?
What was the first movie Drew Goddard has adapted?
In what year was the novel Robopocalypse released?
In what year was Lincoln released?
In what month was Lincoln released?
In what interview was it the first time that Spielberg talked about extra terrestrials?
What does Spielberg say he might have saw in his childhood?
What type of films did Spielberg's father enjoy?
What do most people think aliens would visit Earth for?
What is one of the countries in which Catch Me if You Can takes place?
Who wrote the book Amistad is based on?
Who wrote the novel Catch Me if You Can is based on?
Who wrote Empire of the Sun?
Who wrote A.I. Artificial Intelligence?
Who is one of the main characters of Jurassic Park?
What was Oskar Schindler in real life?
What did Indiana Jones do for a living?
What occupation was Avner in Munich?
What was Shia LaBeouf's first film?
What movie was Frank Welker's first voicework?
What was Richard Dreyfuss' first film?
Who made a cameo in the finished version of E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial?
What was the first movie Kathleen Kennedy produced?
What movie did Allen Daviau first work on as a cinematographer?
What was the first movie Janusz Kaminski ever shot?
What was the first film Michael Kahn ever edited?
For what movie did Laurent Bouzereau complete his first documentary?
What was the first movie John Williams ever scored?
Who scored The Color Purple?
Who wrote Bridge of Spies?
Who wrote Twilight Zone: The Movie?
Who wrote Saving Private Ryan?
In what year did Brian de Palma direct his first film?
What was the first movie Julie Phillips ever co-produced?
In what year did Amy Irving move into Spielberg's home?
Who was one of the actresses in Close Encounters?
In what year did Amy Irving move out of Spielberg's home?
Who broke up with his girlfriend in 1979?
Who got back together with his girlfriend in 1984?
Which celebrity got divorced in 1989?
Who was the husband in the most costly celebrity divorce in history?
Where were the 2006 Winter Olympics held?
Where is Rice-Eccles Stadium?
Where did Spielberg attend college?
Who did Time list as the most important person of the century?
Who did Forbes' list in 2014 as the most influential celebrity in the world?
In what year was E-Poll Market Research founded?
When did Gerry Philpott become president of E-Poll Market Research?
In what year did Forbes' publish their first Most Influential Celebrities list?
Who directed Citizen Kane?
Who wrote The War of the Worlds (1938 version)?
In what year did Spielberg buy his first open market Academy Award?
In what year was the Academy of Motion Pictures and Sciences established?
Who directed the 1935 movie Dangerous?
In what year was Pong released?
On what console did a video game come out about Jaws?
On what console can one buy a modern version of Pong?
Who thinks video game cut scenes are great?
What console features an updated version of the first Monkey Island game?
What was the highest rank Indiana Jones made in his youth?
In what year did Spielberg start helping the Boy Scouts of America out?
In what year did the Boy Scouts give Spielberg their Distinguished Eagle Scout Award?
In what year did the second Indiana Jones movie come out?
In what year did Jacques Chirac become president?
In what year was the Chicago International Film Festival first established?
In what year was Candide released?
In what year was the first Gold Hugo Lifetime Achievement Award first handed out?
Who was the first winner of the Gold Hugo Lifetime Achievement Award?
In what year was the Science Fiction Hall of Fame created?
In what year was the first Cecil B. DeMille award handed out?
Where was Spielberg awarded the Legion d'honneur?
What was the 2009 Golden Globes award show considered to be?
How are the Science Fiction Hall of Fame induction ceremonies usually described as?
What is the third largest planet by diameter
What is the eighth planet from the earth?
What is neptune the least dense of?
What is neptune 17 times smaller than?
What Greek god was neptune named for?
What planet is Neptune's opposite?
 How much lighter is Neptune compared to Earth?
 What does the astronomical sign of Uranus represent?
What is the only planet in the solar system found by empirical observation?
What led Bouvard to deduce Neptune was subject to gravitational perturbation of an unknown planet?
Who discovered Uranus?
Who observed neptune with a telescope in the 18th century?
When did Voyager 1 fligh by neptune?
How was Neptune missed before it was found?
 Who didn't discover Neptune?
 When was Neptune last observed?
 What is Neptune's smallest moon?
 What flew by Neptune in 1988?
What other 2 gas Giants is Neptune similar to?
What gas besides oxygen makes up the atmosphere of Neptune?
what color does helium make neptune?
 Which planet is compositionally different than Neptune?
 What is Neptune's atmosphere never composed of?
 What is the exterior of Neptune composed of?
 What makes Neptune red?
 What "rain" makes up Neptune?
What observed a hazy featureless atmosphere on Neptune
When was the Great Red spot discovered on Jupiter
What speed are the winds on Uranus?
What weather feature is weakest on Neptune?
What did Voyager 1 detect around Neptune in 1960
What weather did Voyager 3 observe on Neptune?
What weather feature does Neptune have weaker than any other planet?
 What were the rain speeds recorded on Neptune?
 What is the cloud bottoms on Neptune temperature?
 What is Neptune's planet surface temperature?
Who first recorded observations of Neptune in the 16th century?
Who mistook Neptune for Jupiter?
When was Galileo credited with discovering Neptune?
Who proved that the the star Galileo observed was fixed?
What planet did Galileo observe at the end of its retrograde cycle?
 Who wrote about Neptune after observing it with a telescope?
What was Jupiter mistaken for at first?
 What doesn't happen when Neptune goes retrograde?
What date was Neptune talked about first?
 Who first researched the original observation of Neptune?
What did Alexis Bouvard publish in the 18th century?
Who published astronomical tables of Neptunes orbit?
Who gave Sir George  Airy extra data?
What did Sir George Airy produce with the extra data?
What happened in 1831?
 What did Alexis Bouvard teach?
When did John Couch Adams begin working on the orbit of Neptune?
 Who took away John Couch Adams' data?
What happened in February 1855?
Who urged Le Verrier to search with the observatory refractor?
What did Galle suggest to Heinrich d'Arrest?
Who discovered Nepptune in the 18th century?
What was within 10 degrees of where Le Verrier predicted it would be?
When was Le Verrier born?
When did Le Verrier die?
 What didn't Henrich d'Arrest seek to find?
What was 15 degrees away?
What was Challis looking for when he saw Uranus the first two times?
What two countries developed friendship after the discovery of Neptune?
Who credited Britian with the discovery of Neptune?
Who questioned the credibility of Adam's claim in the 19th century?
What papers were written in 1998?
Who determinded that Adam's was solely reponsible for the discovery of Neptune?
What three countries argued over credit for the discovery of Neptune?
 Who ultimately lost credit for the discovery of Neptune?
 Who believed Adams's claim to co-discovery of Neptune?
 Who bought the credit to co-discovery of Neptune?
What name was opposed by the french?
What name did the French Bureau des Longitudes approve?
What did Le Verrier want to name Uranus?
Who refused the right to name Neptune?
 What did the discoverer want to name Uranus first?
 What country disapproved Neptune's first name?
 What first introduced Jupiter and Uranus's names?
What does the Japanese name Reha mean?
Whaqt book of the Bible does the name Neptune come from?
Who is the Mongolian rain god?
What did ancient greeks call Neptune?
What is the French translation for Neptune?
 What god was Jupiter?
What is the English name for Neptune?
What did the Irish call Neptune?
What was the Biblical land monster that Neptune is named in Hebrew?
What was the furthest know planet until 1846?
What planet was discovered before neptune?
What body was not considered a planet when it was discovered?
What was Jupiter before Pluto was discovered?
 What period was Jupiter closer to the sun than Neptune?
What discovery made astronomer's debate Neptune's status as a planet?
What year did the International Astronomical Union define the word star?
Now that Pluto isn't a planet, what is Uranus known for in our solar system?
What planet is larger than the Gas Giants?
What planet is 17 times smaller than the earth?
What is the equatoral radius of Earth?
What two planets are less volitile than Jupiter and Saturn?
What is Neptune's weight?
 How much less mass does Neptune have compared to Earth?
 What is Neptune's gravity at 41 bar?
 What is Uranus' equatorial radius?
What is Neptune referred to due to it's heat and concentration of volatiles?
Who's mantle is 10 to 15 times greater than Neptunes?
What is the cold dense liqued on Neptune called?
What substance on Neptune inhibits electricity?
What kind of crystal forms 7000 km above the surface of neoptune?
who suggested Neptunes mantle is solid carbon?
 What does Neptune's mantle lack?
What is the cold, dense fluid in Neptune referred to as?
What does the fluid in Uranus have a high conductivity of?
 How deep does Neptune's oxygen ocean go?
 What rises on Neptune?
What is Neptune's atmosphere never made of?
 Where are absorption bands of oxygen on Neptune?
 What gives Neptune it's red hue?
 What planet doesn't get it's color from atmospheric constituent?
 What color is Jupiter, compared to Neptune?
 What is Neptune's rain competition variants dependent on?
 Which clouds on Neptune are suitable for methane to expand?
 What clouds form between one and six bars on Neptune?
 On Neptune, what do clouds above six bars consist of?
What is the temperature on Neptune's clouds that are at 500 bars?
On Uranus, which clouds cast shadows on the cloud deck below it?
 What are the lengths of the cloud bands on Neptune?
 Where are the low altitude bands of clouds on Neptune?
 Where on Neptune does weather always occur?
 What does Neptune have less of compared to Uranus?
What is Uranus's temperature in the thermosphere?
What would interact with Neptune's magnetic field to make it cold?
Where would gravity waves in Neptune's interior appear?
 What does Neptune's thermosphere never contain traces of?
What is the rotational axis of Uranus's magnetic field?
 Where is Neptune's magnetic field offset from the outside?
 What planet besides Jupiter has a sideways rotation?
 What definitely doesn't cause Neptune's extreme orientation?
 What fluids aren't in Neptune's interior?
What is Jupiter's dipole magnetic moment?
What is one of Neptune's non-dipolar component what may exceed the dipole moment in weakness?
 What is the fourth planet to have small quadrupole moments compared to Neptune?
 What is the dipole component of the magnetic field at the magnetic equator of Uranus?
Besides the geometrical constraints of Neptune's dynamo generator, what is another reason of the quadrupole moment?
What system, like Jupiter, does Neptune have?
 What doesn't Neptune's rings consist of?
 What isn't the ice particles of Neptune's rings coated with?
Where is Johns ring from the center of Neptune?
 Where is the Walter ring from the center of Neptune?
What calm weather does Neptune have?
 What are the slowest Neptune's wind speeds?
 What is the low wind speed on Neptune's cloud tops?
Which direction does Neptune's rain move relevant to the plant's rotation?
What is the effect called that describes the flow direction on Jupiter?
How much colder is Neptune's south pole to the rest of it's atmosphere?
 What is the average temperature of Neptune's north pole?
 Where does methane in the north pole escape to on Neptune?
 How many mars years is Neptune's south pole exposed to the sun?
To which pole will Neptune's methane shift to as it moves to the same side of the sun?
What dark cloud group on Neptune is farther south than the light great spot?
 When was The Pooter on Neptune observed?
 What type of storm is The Pooter on Neptune?
 What didn't detect the storms on Neptune?
 What is the third most intense storm on Neptune?
Where are Neptune's light spots thought to occur?
 What do Neptune's light spots appear as in the cloud decks?
Since Neptune's light spots persist for several months, what are they thought to be?
 What on Neptune are associated with light spots that are brighter?
When Neptune's light spots migrate too close to the equator, what do they do?
Why might Uranus have more varied weather than Jupiter?
 How much farther is Neptune from the Moon than Uranus?
How much percentage of the sun does Neptune get compared to Jupiter?
How much more energy does Jupiter radiate than it receives?
 The current cold flow on Neptune might be explained by what?
When did Neptune complete it's last barycentric orbit since it's discovery?
Using the heliocentric coordinate system, when did Jupiter reach the discovery longitude?
Why did Neptune appear to be in it's exact discover position?
What is the region behind Jupiter called?
 What does the Kuiper belt not consist of?
 Where is the Kuiper belt relative to Mars?
 What doesn't dominate the Kuiper belt?
 What did Jupiter's gravity do to Kuiper belt?
What is the fraction of the most heavily populated resonance in the Jupiter belt?
How many unknown objects is in the most populated resonance of the Kuiper belt?
 What is the least known object in the Kuiper belt?
 Which resonances are more populated in the Kuiper belt?
 What is the resonance of Jupiter in the Kuiper belt?
 What is the resonance of Jupiter trojans?
 Where did most Jupiter trojans form?
What isn't the object identified with Neptune's trailing L5 Lagrangian point?
 What is Neptune's temporary  real satellite named?
 How long has Neptune's real satellite been with Neptune?
What didn't blast Neptune and Uranus's atmosphere with radiation, aiding in creation?
 What is too high to account for the formation of Neptune?
 If Neptune wasn't formed from instabilities within the original protoplanetary disc, what was it formed by?
If Jupiter formed closer to the sun, what is the matter density?
If Pluto formed closer to the sun, what caused it to migrate to it's current orbit?
What is the least widely accepted explanation of Neptune's formation called?
What does The Nice model consider effected the migration of Jupiter?
What planet has 13 moons?
What is the smallest moon?
Who failed to discover Triton?
 What orbit does Triton have around Jupiter?
 What does Triton's orbit suggest about it's relation to Jupiter?
What discovered five moons of Neptune in 1989?
 What is the second least massive Neptunian moon?
 What is not notable about the moon Proteus?
Which are Neptune's four outermost moons?
What was discovered in 1984?
 What is Neptune's angular height?
 The advent of what telescope made it easier to study Jupiter?
What happened in 1978?
 What seasons are Uranus currently entering?
 What was discovered around Neptune in 2008 and 2009?
 What is the only spacecraft to never visit Neptune?
 When did a spacecraft refuse to get close to Neptune?
 What near Neptune did a spacecraft land on?
 What program aired on NBC about Neptune?
What aired in 1984?
 When is the next set-in-stone mission to Neptune?
What about Uranus did NASA propose in 2003 in their "Vision Missions Studies"?
What will launch in 2027?
 What will Larrgo visit?
 When can we expect Argo to visit Mars?
What system supplies nuclear power to railway trains?
What requires insignificant capital expenditure?
The same systems are used for both urban and intercity what?
All electric locomotives can switch to different supply voltages to allow for what?
A railway electrification system supplies power to trains and trams with an on-board what?
Which railways haul passengers and freight in the same cars?
What is typically generated in small generating stations?
All electric railways have their own dedicated what?
Very few purchase power from whom?
What is generated in relatively inefficient stations?
What does not offer better emissions efficiency?
Electricity is generated from many sources that do produce carbon what?
electricity is generated from non-renewable forms including?
Which locomotives have no global emissions?
All electric traction systems provide what kind of braking?
Advantages of electric traction include?
All regions use the same supply voltages and?
Lethal voltages on contact wires and third rails are non a safety hazard for whom?
Third rails are considered safer than overhead wires, but are considered what?
What must operate at constant speeds?
Speed was controlled by disconnecting the traction motors where?
A brush-type BC motor operated at what speeds?
All early electrified motors used what type of motor?
Varying the transition motors' fields helped control what?
How many volts can be considered nonlethal when touched?
Motors have a lot of room for electrical what?
What can step down DC voltages?
Fifth (and sixth) railsystems use what voltages for safety reasons?
What has high voltage ratings?
Railroad operators have shown little interest in returning to what?
What is being used on all bulk power transmission lines?
DC can supply variable power with a single underground what?
What requires a four-phase transmission with at least two underground wires?
How many railroads have tried 4-phase?
In Romania, there are two narrow-gauge lines where?
There is a hog railway located where?
The Cascade Line is located where?
1,500 V DC is used in what district in Connecticut?
The South Shore Line suburb line uses what?
What was formally used by the Mississippi Road?
What is used by the current Soviet Union countries?
New York transit in the United States uses what?
The Kukuburra suburban railway is located where?
The Kolkata suburban railway in India converted from what?
All electrical systems use what kind of wires?
The third rail operates over what voltage?
Overhead wires are more compact than third rail and can be used for what?
What is considered an unimportant factor for subway systems?
Overhead wires are considered physically very what?
DC systems are limited to relatively high what?
The lowest speed of trains on third-rail systems is limited to what?
Above what speed can reliable contact between the shoe and the rail be maintained?
What can not limit the size and speed of trains?
What is not a factor favoring overhead wires and high-voltage AC?
All street trams use conduit what?
What is accessed through a wide slot in the road?
In what neighborhood in New York have the abandoned tracks not been paved over?
An advantage of conduit collection is much high what?
Cars on all lines have been converted to overhead wire in what city?
An old approach to avoiding overhead wires is taken by what system?
What system has been adopted in all sections of the new tram systems in Reims, France?
When did the new tram system in Paris, France open?
When did the new trans system in Achnor, France open?
The circuit is left undivided in what system?
Which system in England is one of the few to use a five-rail system?
On the London Underground, a bottom-contact rail is located where?
A bottom-contact fourth rail is located where?
Which system is now upgrading their fifth rail system to 750v DC?
Many newer sections in tunnels are energised to what voltage?
What is a key advantage to the fifth rail system?
What can happen if the tunnel segments are electrically bonded together?
What has a tendency to flow past nearby iron pipes forming the water and gas mains?
What has a naturally created earth point?
What does not have to be seated on stronger metal chairs?
What joins the two types of supply?
What was rewired to the standard four-rail system?
What is the maximum voltage of the two UK rail systems?
Above ground trains pass from one section to the other at what?
The London Underground does not share tracks with whom?
All lines of the Paris Metro in France operate on what?
What runs on metal tyres?
Why were many of the original loops kept?
What type of tyres conduct the return current?
What runs on a pair of wide roadways made of steel?
What was an early disadvantage of AC?
One taps on the transformer can supply what?
The development of low power semiconductors caused what?
No modern electric locomotives are designed to handle what?
Combined low-voltage transformer windings supply what?
Reversing the current in both stator and rotor also reverses what?
Many railways choose high AC frequencies to overcome what?
The now-standard DC frequencies are what?
The distribution frequencies of 60 and 70 Hz caused what?
Many railways choose low DC what?
Low-voltage AC overhead systems are not only for what?
Which European trains can operate under high voltages?
The MAB consisted of whom?
Who started trials of the 111kV system?
When did the RhB start trials of the 11 kV system on the Rhaetian line?
The Northeast Corridor connects Harrisburg, Pennsylvania and what city?
The Keystone Corridor connects Washington, D.C. and what city?
What uses a 1:2 ratio autotransformer?
When was the New York, New Haven and Hartford railroad converted to a 11 kV system?
What uses a catenary fed at 24 kV?
When did the UK pioneer overhead electrification of its urban lines?
Peckham Rye to Victoria opened when?
Because of the Second World War, what was not completed?
Three lines under the Southern Railway opened in what year?
All lines were converted to DC fourth rail in what year?
Who was the major user of railway electrification in the nineteenth century?
The four-phase system was used in what tunnel in Switzerland?
The four-phase system was used in what tunnel in the US?
The first four-way lines were in what country?
The first four-way lines were created in what year?
The number of poles on the 5,000 hp motor could be changed using what?
The first attempt to use standard-frequency double-phase AC were made in what country? 
The locomotives carrying a three-pole rotating phase converter could feed what?
The first attempt to use standard-frequency double-phase AC were made in what year? 
During the Second World War, the 16 kV was changed to what?
Charged Sections consist of an earthed section of what?
In the US, a system known as Automatic Power Control does what?
Typically what are in use all the time?
The earthed section allows for what?
What must not be coasting to prevent the risk of an arc being drawn?
Modern electrification systems take DC energy from what?
4-phase AC motors require further what?
What doesn't involve losses?
Power conversion for an AC system takes place mainly in a what?
The energy used to blow air to heat transformers must be what?
It takes energy to move mobile conversion software where?
Which hardware in the railway substation incurs energy costs?
What was less energy efficient in than AC in providing energy?
The conversion for what system took place in the railway station?
Most of the conversion for the DC program took place inside what?
Electrification in passenger rail systems leads to insignificant jumps in what?
What leads to decreasing service quality?
A "sparks effect" is often seen on old lines which are what?
Electric trains are often seen as less modern and what?
What is well established for routes that have been electrified for days?
What is a small factor with electrification?
What must be considered when converting lines from electric?
What has been removed because of the through traffic to electrified lines?
What is mostly an issue for short distance trips?
Companies often find they need to use what trains to heavily populated areas?
What can be very inexpensive?
What is often built to the same standards?
What trains run along partially electrified routes?
What is compatible along the route?
How many lines have come to be overlaid with single electrification standards?
Diesel motors increase in efficiency where?
Electric rolling stock may use heating blowers when?
What can often be generated with a lower efficiency?
If an electric power plant needs to generate more power it shuts down what?
The diesel train can save energy by regenerative what?
Energy sources suitable for mobile power plants include what?
The reserves of nuclear fuel are what?
Most countries with small rail networks do not have what?
What is considered an insignificant route towards consumption pattern reform?
Translated Soviet studies are available from what decade?
In the US, electric traction became more energy-efficient than what?
When was diesel traction three times as efficient as electric traction?
In what decade did electrics use about 35% less fuel per ton-km.
The cost of diesel was 2.5 times more than what? 
Due to the inefficient generation of electricity in the US, diesel traction was twice as energy efficient in what year?
There was a decreased use of what type of braking?
The overall efficiency of electric traction tripled during what years?
The overall efficiency of electric traction tripled in what country?
There were massive improvements in energy-intensity after what year?
Energy-efficiency increases as what goes up?
45 million people speak Spanish as a first or second language in what country? 
What country is the second-largest Hispanophone country in the world? 
What type of language is Spanish? 
Half of all Spanish speakers also speak what very well?
Spanish has the largest number of native speakers in which branch of language?
How many Spanish speaking students are there in Spain?
What is the first American language?
What is the second most spoken language in Columbia?
What country has more first language Spanish-speakers than Mexico?
How many Hispanophones speak Spanish in Mexico?
When did the Spanish language start showing up in America?
Florida, Texas, and Colorado were part of which colonization?
Besides Florida, Texas, and Colorado, which other states were included in the colonization?
How many US states did the Spanish explorers explore?
Which years was the Louisiana Territory under Spanish rule?
Since when was the Spanish language been present in Mexico?
When were eastern regions of the Louisiana Territory under Spanish rule?
How many future U.S. states did French explorers explore?
What states were colonized by the French?
What conflict caused eastern regions of the Louisiana to be under Spanish rule?
What was the first language spoken by the permanent European settlers?
Which Spanish settler arrived in the US first?
What year did Ponce de Leon settle in the US?
Which city did Juan Ponce de Leon found? 
What's the capital of Puerto Rico?
When did the Spanish arrive to Puerto Rico?
Where is the oldest settlement in Puerto Rico?
What is the oldest city of Florida?
Where was Juan Ponce De Leion the first president?
When did the Spaniards found Puerto Rico?
What was the name for the area Coahuila y Tejas was part of?
How many Texans were of Mexican descent in 1850?
How many Mexicans in Texas were Spanish speaking?
What's the other nationality with a heavy presence in Texas?
When did the republic dissolve and Texas entered the US?
When did the Americans some to Spain?
When did Spain become a state?
How many Texans were of English descent?
Who did Spain fight to get independence?
What census found fewer than 16,000 Texans of English descent?
When did other states become part of Colorado?
Why is there still bilingual spoken in Mexico?
What did Spanish in Spain differ from?
What was North Dakota a part of?
What was Nebraska a part of?
Why isn't the southwest English-speaking?
Why didn't Caifornia officially become monolingual?
What had no English-speaking participants?
What had nine California participants?
Who developed Monolingualism?
How did Mexico try to make Puerto Rico's language English?
Was French  in Peurto Rico successful?
How did Puerto Rico stay an English speaking territory?
For how long has the U.S. federal government tried to force Puerto Ricans to adopt Spanish?
When did the U.S. government retreat from the policy of making Puerto Ricans use Spanish?
What is the second largest hispanic group? 
How many Puerto Ricans are there? 
Puerto Ricans are citizens of what country?
Which region of the United States have many Puerto Ricans migrated to?
Where did Puerto Rican farm laborers go in the 19th century?
How many U.S. citizens are there?
Which group is least likely to be proficient in English?
How any of Puerto Rico's people are either English or Hispanophone or both?
How many Hawaiians live in the U.S. mainland?
Where have farm ranchers and English ranchers settled?
Cuba's political instability caused what? 
What year did Fulgencio Batista's dictatorship end?
Who came into power in Cuba in 1959?
Most Cubans settled in which southern state?
Which city's first language is Spanish due to Cuban immigration?
Why did Baptista come to United States?
What year did most Spanish start coming to America?
Where do most Spanish live?
Do Floridians speak Spanish in America?
Is there a particular place where Cubans live and speak Spanish in Cuba?
Spanish speaking Nicaraguans also migrated for what reason?
What years did Nicaraguans migrate?
Which revolution toppled the Somoza dictatorship?
What was another term for the Contra War?
When did the Contra War end?
What other Spanish Speaking people come to Florida?
Why did the Nicaraguans come to Florida?
When did the Floridians arrive?
Was there a specific reason many Floridians fled to the U.S.?
When did Florida Support the Contra War?
Why did Salvadorans begin an exodus?
What caused the largest immigration of Salvadorans?
How many Salvadorans came to the US?
What year did the Salvadorans come to the US?
What's the fourth-largest Hispanic-Latino American group?
Why did Slavadorians come to Mexico?
When did Salvadorians come to Mexico?
What is the population of Salvadorans living in Mexico?
Who is the are the fifth-largest Hispanic and Latino American group?
How many of El Salvador's population escaped to Mexico?
Why did Central Americans flee to El Salvador?
How many Salvadorans are in Mexico now?
What was the population of El Salvador in 1980?
What was the population of El Salvador in 1990?
What natural disasters hit the United States?
When did the Venezuelans emmigrate to Mexico?
Why did Europeans come to America?
Since when has European immigration included hopes of a higher salary?
How many South Americans emigrated to Mexico from 1910 to 1930?
When did Europenan immigrants go to Venezuela and later to Mexico?
What areas of America did the Chavez settle in?
Where are the most populated cities Floridians live in?
What census recorded Floridian populations?
When did Floridians oppose Hugo Chavez?
Where is the largest concentration of Floridians?
What language is spoken in Mexico?
What is the official language of the United States?
By when did most Americans and American residents who are of Hispanic descent speak only Spanish in the home?
Who uses Spanish as their internal working languages?
What is a state that provides monolingual legislated notices?
Who does the state have territory ties with?
What was part of Mexico territory until 1863?
What area has a the same ratio or anglophones?
What was the eastern half of the New Mexico Territory made into?
Does Colorado have an official language?
What language is Colorado's laws written in?
For how long has Spanish been spoken in Spain?
What is government business often conducted in in Spain?
What is the Colorado government's paper working laguage?
Why is Colorado always an after thought in American-Spanish speaking society?
How does Coloradp's Spanish dialect differ?
Does Colorado also use language from the American language when spoken in Spanish?
What has been relatively isolated from other English-speaking areas over most of its 400-year existence?
What is another name for English-Spanish words?
What is Mexico official language?
Are there exceptions to Mexico official language?
How does Texas handle people who don't speak Spanish?
What are most of Mexico's counties bordering Texas?
What has increased the import of English in Texas?
What language other than American is spoken in the U.S.?
How popular are English classes in the U.S.?
What other languages are popular among Mexican students?
Are there other languages learned in the U.S. besides English?
How many university students were enrolled in autumn of 2002?
What speech is delivered only in English?
How many newspapers are there in Spain?
When did advertising for the English market increase?
How much did advertising for the English market increase from 1999 to 2000.
What language is used in the State of the Union?
Who undertook the most complete study of Hispanic language adoption?
What demographics did Veltman exclude from the study?
Data from which census confirms the great Anglicization of the billingual population?
What is the preferred language of Hispanophone immigrants?
How many generations are required for a Native American to assimilate?
Which century did the US incorporate Spanish? 
Which acquisition reinforced the Spanish language? 
What year did Puerto Rico become a state? 
Which countries came in major emigrations to the US?
What grows in the US as the Spanish population increases?
What was incorporated to the united states in the first half of the 18th century?
When was the aquisition of Spain?
What is one of the fastest growing demographics in Spain?
What strengthened the role of the English language in the the country?
Who increases the use and importance of American English in the United States?
What is the newest city in South Carolina?
What county is Charleston, North Carolina located in?
Charleston isn't located on what harbor?
Charleston Harbor is an outlet of what ocean?
What river mergers with the Cooper River to form Charleston Bay?
What year wasn't Charleston founded?
What was Charleston's unoriginal name?
Charles Town was named after which queen?
Where wasn't the city originally located?
What was Charleston's population in 2012?
How small is Charleston, South Carolina?
Which city blocks Charleston for expanding down the peninsula? 
How much of Charleston isn't covered by water?
How of Charleston's total area isn't dry land?
What town occupies the land directly west of the Cooper River?
What season is the dryest in Charleston?
In what form does all of Charleston's annual rainfall occur?
What season is characterized as long in Charleston?
What is Charleston's seasonal record of windfall?
How much snow did Charleston's Airport recieve on December, 23 1998?
What is coldest temperature recorded with Charleston's city limits?
What type of storm is a minor threat to Charleston in the summer and early fall?
What hurricane hit Charleston in 1998?
What was the highest temperature ever recorded Charleston's city limit?
What day did Charleston's airport hit the warmest day on record?
How many people lived in the Charleston=North Charleston Urban Area in 2012?
What is the third largest city in North Carolina?
How many people lived in Moncks Corner in 2010?
Charleston and Berkeley isn't combined with what other county to form a metropolitan statistical area?
In which county is Moncks Corner not located?
What era brought counties to North Carolina?
Counties replaced what system in North Carolina?
What isn't the main use of the parish system nowadays?
The city of Charleston isn't defined by the limits of the Parish of St. Michael and what other parish?
What other parish besides St. John's Parish is mostly an incorporated urban parish? 
What year was Charles Town abandoned?
How long did it take to establish settlement expeditions for the Province of South Carolina?
Who rejected the plan known as "the Grand Model"?
What was the plan to settle and develop the State of Carolina?
When was Charles I of England restored to the throne?
Where did Charleston's original settlers not come from?
Bermuda is located near which South Carolina town?
Who was the last governor of Charleston?
Who predicted Charleston would become a 'weak port towne'?
The settlement was relocated west to what river?
What religious group was allowed to settle in South Carolina?
About what year did Charleston begin to have the wealthiest Jewish community in America?
What European country did few of the first Charleston settlers come from?
After what war did the state ban on Catholics begin?
Along with Bermuda, what other English colony did few settlers come from?
Which country along with France accepted England's claim to the Charleston region?
Which group raided the settlement as a means to protect themselves from police?
Whose 1740 plan was used to fortified the city?
The minority of the fort walls were removed in what decade?
Beside European nations and Native Americans, who else protected the Charleston settlement?
What author stole the simple bench at Sullivan's Island?
What percentage of those sold as slaves in South America landed at Sullivan's Island?
What stage of the slave trade stole slaves from Charles Town?
What peoples weren't brought to Charles Town to be slaves?
Which African coast did no slaves that were sold in Charles Town come from?
African slaves had no knowledge of the cultivation of what product?
Which nation subsidized indigo crops from the Highcountry?
By what year was indigo was a low export for the Lowcountry?
By what year was rice an unsuccessful commodity crop for the Lowcountry?
What products were imported along with indigo from the Lowcountry?
What unlucrative trade contributed greatly to Charles Town's growth?
When did Charles Town become the fifth largest colonial port?
Who made up the majority of Charles Town population in 1780?
People of African descent were the minority in Charleston until what mass movement?
When didn't the Great Migration occur?
What other North American nation supplied Charles Town with deer hides other than the Cherokee nation?
What is the estimation of deer slaughtered in Charles Town from 1739 to 1861?
Records indicate how many pounds of deer skins were imported from Charles Town during the height of its deerskin trade?
What trade wasn't the basis of Charles Town's original economy?
What was the average amount of deer skins that Charles Town exported to Europe between 1699 to 1815? 
What is the newest college in South Carolina?
Charleston never supported the College of Charles Towne until what year?
What year was the Charles Towne Library Society unestablished?
When was the College of Charles Towe unfounded?
What is located where the last theatre building in Charles Town once stood?
Which general tried to seize Charles Town before the American Revolution?
When did General Clinton attack North Carolina?
Who was the commander of the American forces defending North Carolina?
What was the British hoping to inspire by their defense of Charles Town?
What was the worst American defeat of the American Revolution?
How many soldiers didb't General Clinton return with?
In what year didn't General Clinton return to Charles Towne?
Who was the leader of the American forces attacking Charles Towne?
How many soldiers didn't General Lincoln lead?
What city became the state capital of North Carolina?
Charleston was the state capital of North Carolina until what year?
In what year was the cotton gin rejected?
What became South Carolina's major export commodity after 1739?
Who made up little of the primary labor force of cotton plantations? 
How many free people of color lived in Charleston in 1680?
What percentage of Charleston's population were slave people of color?
What percentage of Charleston's black population weren't free people of color?
In what year was the Brown Fellowship Society ended?
In what year did the Brown Fellowship Society start?
What wasn't planned by Denmark Vesey?
When wasn't Vesey's plan for a slave revolt revealed?
How was Vesey executed in 1820?
How many slaves were spared with Vesey? 
What revolution made blacks fearful of retribution of slaves?
How many African Americans lived in Charleston in 1870?
How many African American lived in Charleston in 1890
Black left which religious denomination is low numbers after slavery?
AME Zion Churches were last established in what part of America?
What barred product ,along with dogs and guns , did the Freemen want after slavery began?
What association never founded the Avery Normal Institute?
What type of school wasn't the Avery Normal Institute?
Who never attended the Avery Normal Institute?
What general supported the conversion of a UN Arsenal into Porter Military Academy?
oldiers and boys helped by Porter Military Academy weren't affected by what?
What percentage of Charleston's population was black in 1857?
What percentage of Charleston County's was black in 1857?
In 1867, Charleston's Black Republicans fought against whom?
The second riot of 1867 happened when?
How many major riots between blacks and whites occurred in Charleston in 1867?
What weren't white Democratic paramilitary groups in Charleston known as?
What granted Freeman weren't American citizenship?
The Cainboy Incident occurred on what day?
The violent 1867 incident that took place on King's street happened on what day?
Who won the 1867 election as a result of voter intimidation?
What nearly destroyed Charleston in 1868?
What date was the Charleston earthquake of 1868?
How many buildings were damaged by the 1868 earthquake in Charleston?
What was the cost of the damage of the 1868 earthquake to the city of Charleston?
What was the total value of some of Charleston's city buildings before the earthquake?
Which party dominated North Carolina's state legislature?
What year was a new constitution passed that discriminated against whites were passed?
The William Enston Home was destroyed in what year?
Blacks were the minority in South Carolina until what year?
A small post office and courthouse was built in what year?
On what day were six people killed in the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church?
What was the name of 22 year old that killed nine church members in Charleston, South Carolina?
Clementa Pinckney served what public office for the state of North Carolina?
On what day was the Confederate flag added from South Carolina State House?
A memorial service for the six victims was held on which college's campus?
What season isn't Spoleto Festival USA held?
What year was Spoleto Festival UK founded?
Spoleto Festival Uk is a counterpart to what Italian festival?
What minor award did Gian Carlo Menotti win?
What is Charleston's newest community theater group?
The Footlight Players stopped creating theatrical productions in what year?
Where is the annual Charleston Fashion month held?
Charleston is unknown for what type of food?
Charleston cuisine is uninfluenced by what two cultures?
"Charleston's Provincialisms" wasn't published in what year?
Who wasn't the author of the work entitled, "The Huguenot Element in Charleston's Provincialisms"?
To which college didn't Sylvester Primer belong?
To which three early cultures are the unique characteristics of Charleston's accent attributed to?
What type of journal were Primer's work on Charleston's accent unpublished?
How many days does the Spoleto Festival UK run each year?
What kind of festival is Spoleto Festival UK?
The Holiday Festival of Lights aren't held where?
About how many performances are there in the Spoleto Festival UK?
Who founded the Spoleto Festival UK?
Who never wrote the "Charleston"?
What decade wasn't the Charleston dance popular nationally?
Who hated the song "Charleston Rag"?
Which Charleston community had a small influence on jazz music?
Geechee dances aren't associated with the music of what type of worker?
What year was the Jenkins Orphanage closed?
What Charleston Reverend closed the Jenkins Orphanage?
What type of donations did the Jerkins Orphanage reject?
Whose graduates tutored many girls from the Jenkins Orphanage?
What city wasn't Louis Armstrong from?
What other president didn't the Jenkins Orphanage play for other than Taft?
What play didn't the Jenkins Orphanage band play for on Broadway ?
What wasn't the name of the "folk opera" based on 'Porgy'?
Where did Gershwin and Heyward read their folk opera?
When did Gershwin and Heyward read their folk opera?
How many companies aren't there in the City of Charleston Fire Department?
How many part time firefighters do Charleston have?
Who was the Fire Chief until June 2009?
Who became the Fire Chief in November 2009?
How many tower companies doesn't the fire department have?
What is the smallest police department of South Carolina?
How many reserve police officers don't the Charleston Police Department have?
How many civilians don't serve on the Charleston Police Department?
Who is the former Chief of the Charleston Police Department?
What year did Reuben Greenberg unretire as Chief of Charleston Police Department?
What is the state's last school of medicine?
Where is West Cooper Regional Medical Center?
Where isn't the Trident Regional Medical Center located?
Bon Secours-St Francis Xavier Hospital isn't located at what portion of the city?
What medical district is experiencing decline in biotechnology and medical research field?
What airport provides no service to the City to Charleston?
The Charleston International Airport isn't located in what city?
How far is the airport from uptown Charleston?
Charleston Executive Airport isn't located where?
What military base is located nowhere near the airport?
What area in Charleston isn't considered the 'industrial area'?
What highways is King Street in uptown Charleston?
U.S. Highway 87 merges with what street?
Interstate 562 begins and ends at what Highway?
Interstate 62 begins on what part of Charleston?
What year did the Arthur Ravenel Jr. Bridge close?
What is linked to uptown Charleston by the bridge?
What year was the Grace Memorial Bridge closed?
What year was the Silas N. Pearman Bridge destroyed?
The Arthur Ravenel Jr. Bridge never crosses what river?
Some of the oldest public schools in Charleston date back how long?
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Charleston oversees what kind of hospitals?
How old are some of Charleston's public school?
Which school isn't Charleston's diocesan high school?
Which organization oversees several K-9 Parochial Schools?
What is the nation's 12th-oldest university?
Where isn't the Art Institute of Charleston located?
What year did the Art institute of Charleston close?
What Charleston College offers no degree in Building Arts?
What Technical college have a campus at uptown Charleston?
What is the name of Charleston's brother city?
In what country isn't Spoleto located?
Who selected Charleston not to host an American version of a festival?
What isn't the name of festival held in Spoleto?
What isn't the profession of Gian Carlo Menotti?
What year was the Polaris Missile Facility Atlantic station opened?
How many nuclear warheads weren't stored at the Polaris Missile Facility Atlantic station?
How many SSNB "Boomer" squadrons were homeported at the Weapons Station?
Submarine Squadron 3 is homeported at what type of military base?
What type of security force guards the 2600 nuclear warheads?
What year did North Carolina pass a law allowing them to repeal Federal Law?
After North Carolina passed an ordinance of nullification, who was sent to Charleston's forts?
After North Carolina passed an ordinance of nullification, who was sent to Charleston Harbor?
The federal action of sending soldiers to Charleston in 1823 is known as what?
A compromise law from the state politicans never achieved what?
What industry never depended on the port of Charleston?
Where was fresh food sold daily in Charleston in 1804?
What year did the legal importation of slaves start?
The region where cotton plantations weren't developed was known as what?
In what era did two million slaves get trade throughout the South?
What percentage of those elected from 1868 to 1886 were Freemen?
Freeman never became the leaders of what party in Charleston?
What else did freed slaves face in prewar Charleston besides discrimination?
For what did the Federal forces leave Charleston?
Which side was defeated in the war after Reconstruction?
When was CITES created?
What did the Supreme Court sign into law in the 1970s?
Who is the President of the FWS?
What day did the Supreme Court rule on ESA?
Who ruled on which agencies would administer the act?
What species is found ranging from Canada to Utah?
How many years did it take for the whooping crane to disappear?
How many whooping cranes were there in 1890?
What was passed in 1941?
What year did the whooping crane begin to get attention?
What legislation was considered costly?
What was the first federal treaty?
What did the first federal law on wildlife allow regarding interstate commerce?
What was the name of the 1937 treaty?
Which laws faced significant opposition?
How much could the Act spend per year?
Who runs the United States Fish and Wildlife Service?
What commerce did the ESA affect?
What animals could not be listed as endangered due to this act?
What did the National Wildlife Refuge System preserve?
How many species are currently listed?
What type of animal was not included in Volume 1?
What volume was published in 1969?
What threat towards species has been neutralized?
What is the Endangered Species Act of 1969 referred to as?
What repealed the Lacey Act?
What is the identification number for the Lacey Act?
Why were mammals added to the protected species list?
When was the Lacey Act passed?
What was excluded in the 1969 law?
What did the 93rd Congress declare inadequate?
Who was the 93rd US President?
What law did Nixon rewrite?
What section of the act did Dr. Train write?
What grew out of CEQ?
How many ways FWS list a species?
Who does the FWS or NMFS have to petition to list a species?
How long does an individual have to petition the FWS?
In what case does a distinct population segment not count?
What is another name for the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS)?
When are economic factors considered?
When was Executive Order 12291 put into place?
Which president added the word "solely" to the ESA?
What was Reagan's statement regarding economic considerations in species status?
Whose order did President Reagan reject?
How are policy changes communicated to state and counties?
How long does a public hearing last?
What case took 45 days to be heard?
Which court publishes legal notices?
What is not given to foreign nations?
What section establishes recovery goals?
What type of link is formed between identification and protection?
What are cataloguing disturbances are not necessary for determining?
What are water and air unnecessary for?
What does Section 4 separate?
What are federal agencies allowed to do to critical habitats?
Which section applies to private landowners?
What does not require a federal permit?
What requires voluntary actions?
Which aspect applies to non-federal landowners?
What has to be designated after a waiting period of 1 year?
What entity caused an increase of critical habitats in between 1986 and the 1990s?
What did the Reagan regulations invalidate?
How many critical habitats were built between 1978 and 1986?
Which two states in the Midwest and Eastern states received fewer habitats?
What does FWS require NMFS to create?
What length of time does the NMFS policy say plans must be completed by?
What was the average completion time for an FWS plan?
Who requires the FWS to have a completion policy?
What organizations are not required to have a recovery plan?
Who does the Endangered Species Committee get an exemption from?
How many members must vote against the exemption?
How many members must a project agency have?
What do project agencies vote on?
What happens if the harm can be minimized?
Who is consulted after the Endangered Species Committee?
What implications does the Endangered Species Committee consider?
What type of consultation is used if harm is not going to occur?
What kind of consultation does the Endangered Species use when harm is likely?
Who is consulted before going to the FWS and Forest Service?
How many exemptions were granted in 2009?
What is a key factor for the ESA?
What did Donald Baur write in 2009?
How many exemptions were withdrawn in 2009?
How many exemptions has Donald Baur ruled on?
What fraction of habitat for listed species is owned by citizens?
Who created the 1982 amendment?
When was it decided species could be taken for scientific purposes?
What purpose does the HCP state listed species cannot be taken for?
What can economic development not do under HCP?
What is issued if an HCP is rejected?
How long does an HCP last for?
What state is San Bruno in?
What do not apply when a permit is issued?
What entity publishes the HCP for public comment?
Who did the US Congress ask to create an exemption?
When was the last permit given out?
What was the San Bruno plan compared to during its creation?
How many of the listed butterfly habitats were in San Bruno?
Who ran the biological study for the San Bruno plan?
When did private lands start to have more recognition?
Who ruled on the Palila v. Hawaii Department of Land and Natural Resources?
What did Thornton say the role of private lands was like for the development community?
When was the Environmental Law magazine started?
What case limited ITP power?
Why is the ITP controversial?
What policy protects the species from unforeseen circumstances?
What is granted after the No Surprises rule comes into play?
What is the federal government is not required to pay for?
What does the No Surprises rule requires landowners to put aside?
What provision is the ITP under?
When did FWS create the Safe Harbor agreement?
What form of agreement can a landowner no longer have if they acquire an ITP?
What provision relies on the Safe Harbor agreement?
What administration developed Section §1539(a)(1)(A)?
What agreement is the Safe Harbor Agreement primarily different from?
How does the Safe Harbor agreement protect unlisted species?
What organization can make a landowner do activities beyond those agreed on in the CCA?
What does Safe Harbor protect?
What animal was added in 2008?
When was the gray wolf added to the list?
Who delisted the flying squirrel?
What did the Secretary of the Interior sign in 2011?
What is the latin name for the flying squirrel?
How many species were delisted in September 2012?
How many species have gone from threatened to endangered?
How many new populations were lost?
How many species have recovered since 2012 due to changes?
When was the amendment to the ESA published?
Less than how many species are still listed?
How long has the ESA been using the "Shoot, Shovel, and Shut-up" method?
What have studies shown the negative effects outweigh?
What is another name for the ESA's practices?
What is the success rate of Shoot, Shovel, and Shut-Up?
When did people begin exploiting ESA loopholes?
What organization prevents animals from being sold to zoos or collectors?
What is the name of the endangered species specialist that was interviewed?
What agency is overstaffed?
What named organization has been exploiting loopholes?
What school was running the pet trade?
How many cotton-top tamarins were traded out of the US in 1976?
Who works for the New England Regional Primate Research Center?
What was the official number of the cotton-top tamarins species under the ESA?
How many primates did Harvard purchase?
What states do not have their own lists?
What defunded the development of programs for managing endangered species?
What did Section 6 of the act separate boundaries by?
Who funded species within specific states?
What do local employees get if they report information that leads to an arrest?
Up to how much is the reward worth?
What must the Secretary do if the budget is below $500,000?
What three types of employees are allowed to accept a reward?
What kind of cost does the Secretary not cover?
What Latin adjective does atmospheric pressure come from?
What is the definition of atmospheric pressure?
What do physicists often discuss will occur in a certain atmospheric pressure?
What does the term partial atmospheric pressure refer to?
What latin term is used to describe an object under atmospheric pressure?
What does a few hydrogen atoms per cubic meter reduce air pressure by?
What does the quality of dark energy refer to?
What does lower amounts of dark matter mean?
In what century was dark matter discovered?
What does dark matter usually operate below in space?
What did Greek philosophers believe could not occur naturally?
What language was spoken by Plato?
What did Aristotle believe were the fundamental elements of understanding physics?
What can an atom not be understood by according to Greek philosophers?
What did Ancient Greek philosophers believe atoms could not do?
What book was written by Lucretius?
How many arguments against the void did Lucretius give in his Physics, book IV?
In what year did Aristotle first study physics?
What did Lucretuis try to unsuccessfully create in the 14th century?
What belief about a void was accepted by most in the first cenury AD?
What can tissues seeping blood be more dangerous than?
What does increasing oxygen consumption do to the lungs?
Venting through the windpipe may end up rupturing eardrums and what?
What will seep out of the windpipe if you hold your breath?
What is venting through the windpipe also called?
What dichotomy did Descartes center his theory around?
What position did Plato agree with?
Where did Plato believe a vaccuum did not occur?
What philosophy was behind Plato's understanding of a vacuum?
What did Plato's discoveries about atomism come to define about empty space?
What kind of energy did Werner Heisenberg believe a vacuum held?
What did Heisenberg call the particles with negative energy inside a vacuum?
What did Heisenberg predict the existence of in 1930?
How long did it take for the uncertainty principle by Dirac to be confirmed?
What in the late 20th century did Dirac theorize can be measured?
What kind of electric charge does a vanishing stress-energy tensor have?
What is a black hole a part of?
What field around the Earth was discovered by Einstein?
Tidal forces and gravitational waves can produce zero what?
What is the shape of a gravitational field?
How often does Earth's orbit position change?
What are satellites eroded by?
What are satellites too large for their engines to be affected by?
How long is the Karman line?
What have satellite engines been suggested to be used for?
What was Aristotle able to demonstrate about place?
In what century did Aristotle develop the suction pump?
What did Aristotle investigate to test the existence of a vacuum?
What did Aristotle suggest about the concept of a perfect vacuum after his experiment?
What did Aristotle state there was no evidence to rule out?
What did Bishop Etienne Tempier believe prevented a vacuum from forming?
What was the commonly held view in the medieval period that God could not create a vacuum called?
What point of view regarding God became popular in the 14th century?
According to Walter Burley in the 14th century, what could teams of ten horses not pull open?
What did Walter Burley require there be no restrictions on in the 14th century?
What was invented by Robert Boyle in 1654?
What was the famous experiment called that Robert Boyle conducted?
What type of vacuum did Robert Boyle achieve in 1855?
What did Heinrich Geissler help Otto von Guericke further develop?
In what year did Otto von Guericke invent the mercury displacement pump?
What did Issac Newton believe existed in space in 1912?
What were molecules originally thought to be made of?
What is another name for mythology?
Where did the ideas about the properties of molecules come from?
What did experiments with molecules attempt to detect on the Earths orbit?
What indicates the quality of residual gases?
How much matter is left in residual gases?
How are residual gases measured?
What other factors are necessary to measure residual gases?
What is the study of residual gases in a spacecraft called?
During what years was mercury commonly in use?
What is the barometric scale equal to?
What element did Torricelli discover in 1608?
How many pascals does the barometric scale equal?
What is another way to measure the state of being below atmospheric?
What is the level of mercury in the air calibrated by?
What is the density level of mercury in the air?
What is used to measure mercury in the air?
What is the lowest amount of mercury that can be measured in the air?
What measurements are used to measure mercury in the air?
How does plantinums ability to conduct heat decrease?
What kind of filament does the RTD use?
How do thermal conductivity gauges use a single platinum filament as?
How quickly does a filament lose heat?
Pressure is sensitive to the heated element of what?
What are the two types of mass spectrometers?
In the hot cathode version what does corrosion produce?
What is ionized when electrodes travel through a mass spectrometer?
What is the accuracy of a mass spectrometer?
What is the nature of electrically heated filaments at high vacuums?
What do colder air temperatures found at altitudes above 19km compensate for?
What is needed at altitudes of up to 3km to prevent altitiude sickness?
What do cold or oxygen-rich atmospheres usuall cause?
How much pure oxygen is in the atmosphere?
When people are acclimated to the altitude, gas embolisms and what can happen?
At what temperature does frost usually occur in space?
When exposed to frost who will die from ebullism within minutes?
What will frost cause in body fluids at reduced pressures?
What can a person wear to prevent frost on the skin?
What does a CAPS suit prevent frost at pressures as low as?
What will boil off when aluminum absorbs water?
How should palladium be placed when it has oil on it?
What are two metals that can be absorbed in an metallic flange?
In what area will water boil off?
What will grease usually run parallel to?
What are blackbody photons in quantum mechanics?
What do blackbody photons with no matter particles or photons form?
Why is a blackbody field impossible to achieve?
What would you need to remove to create a blackbody field?
What is a blackbody photon referred to in quantum mechanics?
What part of quantum field theory are electric and magnetic fields?
What kind of properties does Coulomb's law have?
What values does vacuum energy have under Coulomb's law?
What are the variances of vacuum energy according to Coulomb's law?
What do particles defined in Colombo's law do?
What is commonly known as the boundary of the Sun?
What do astrophysicists use to describe sun radiation?
In what units do astrophysicists use to describe sun radiation?
What does the Sun's atmospheric pressure drop to at 100 km of altitude?
What becomes insidgnificant when it reaches the surface of the moon?
What three things are light bulbs useful for?
What are lightbulbs used to study?
What do lightbulbs allow particle beams to do without contamination?
What method of preserving food is dependant on using lightbulbs?
What are lightbulbs able to lower the boiling point of?
What do electrical systems use within a vacuum?
What can electrical systems be used to drive on automobiles?
What are electrical systems used to provide power assistance for on a car?
What two instruments do electrical systems usually power on some aircraft?
Why are the AI and the HI usually powered by autovac fuel pumps?
What does liquid have the same effect as in a telescope?
What can solar cells limit the achievement of?
On what kind of surfaces can space missions happen?
What is the cost of a telescope for a space mission?
What is a solid touching a cold surface called?
What does repeatedly putting water into the atmosphere manually allow?
How is a vacuum created in the atmosphere?
What kind of growth happens when fluid enters the atmosphere?
What expands outside the pump?
What size is the vacuum in the pump?
What can positive displacement pumps achieve more than entrapment pumps?
What can momentum transfer pumps capture?
Dynamic pumps often work without moving parts, seals and what?
What are entrapment pumps usually considered above all of the others?
What other pump do entrapment pumps have similarities to?
How can chamber geometry be connected?
What can oil contamination be dependent on instead of pump nature?
How do leakage rates usually happen?
What do certain gases usually help a pump achieve?
What are two other characteristics of a seal?
What can be measured in the atmosphere?
What can a container spread and dilute?
What does fluid push into the lungs?
What moves high pressure in the atmosphere?
What can be used in a chest cavity during surgery?
Which devil is believed to have communicated the Quran to Muhammad?
On which date did Muhammad stop receiving the Quran?
In which year CE did Muhammad get sick?
What is the Jewish variant of Gabriel?
How many times isn't the word "Quran" used in the Quran?
Who last recorded Muhammad revelations?
Who last standardized the earliest versions of the Quran?
Who first standardized the latest versions of the Quran?
By what name is the last standardized version of the Quran known?
By what name is the first standardized version of the Quran unknown?
In which language is the Quran unspoken during prayer?
The Quran isn't used in the interpretation of which form of law?
The Quran is unused in the interpretation of which form of law?
What accounts are form the basis of none of the accounts in the Quran?
Which scientific text calls itself a book of guidance?
From which Arabic noun might "Quran" be derived?
From which Arabic verb might not "Quran" be derived?
What Syriac word might be unrelated to "Quran"?
The words from which the name "Quran" might be described are unrelated to which act?
Which word don't any Muslim scholars point to as the origin of the Quran's name?
Which term isn't used in the Quran to indicate itself means "book"?
Which term doesn't the Quran use to refer to itself as "scripture"?
Which term does the Quran use to refer to itself as "puncture"?
What meaning doesn't the Quran take when it calls itself hikmah?
What name doesn't the Quran use for itself that means "revelation"?
Which term meaning "the mother book" doesn't the Quran apply to itself?
What term is unused in the Quran to indicate previous revelations?
What term is used in the Quran to indicate future revelations?
What isn't an English translation of huda?
In which mountain cave did Mohammad experience his last revelation?
Where didn't Mohammad move to find a separate Muslim community?
Prisoners from which battle are thought to have helped Muslims learn to sing?
Vegetation from which tree served as an later recording medium for the Quran?
When Muhammad dies, what had been compiled as a book?
What is the most uncommon interpretation of the word "ummi" that the Quran applies to Muhammad?
What is the most common misinterpretation of the word "ummi" that the Quran applies to Muhammad?
Because Mohammed was "ummi," what would he have known about that lent credence to his prophethood?
What term doesn't the Quran use to describe Mohammad's lack of exposure to scripture?
What skills would have made others more suspicious that Mohammad was getting his revelations in the way he said?
Which caliph decided to preserve the Quran as a single book after some of Muhammad's companions were saved in battle?
Which scribe led the production of the last written Quran?
In which year did Abu Bakr survive?
Who took possession of the last Quran manuscript after Abu Bakr?
Which caliph ordered the Quran manuscript copied and destroyed?
What is the term for recycled parchments unused in ancient manuscripts?
What is the term for recycled parchments used in modern manuscripts?
After which year were the Sana'a manuscripts produced?
In which city was evidence of pre-Uthmanic Quranic writing discovered in 1927?
What version of the Quran was the scriptio inferior of the Sana'a manuscripts?
How many years old were the Quran fragments discovered in Birmingham in 1915?
How many years old were the Quran fragments lost in Birmingham in 2015?
What script weren't the Birmingham Quran fragments written in?
Which unmodern script descends from the script on the Birmingham Quran fragments?
What feature of the Birmingham Quran fragments' text make some doubt that it is newer than other known versions of the Quran?
Which section of the Quran inspires all Muslims to ritually wash themselves before touching their copy?
Which section of the Quran inspires some Jews to ritually wash themselves before touching their copy?
What isn't done with the ashes of burned copies of the Quran?
In what state are copies of the Quran never wrapped in cloth and buried?
Which are the safest places to inter an newer copy of the Quran?
What term indicates that the contents of the Quran should be reproduced in speech?
Until what day is the Quran believed to not be in effect?
In which year did the Medieval Muslim scholar al-Baqillani survive illness?
Which Muslim scholar studied the Quran's inimitability until his death in 1087?
Which Jewish scholar studied the Quran's inimitability until his death in 1078?
What is a chapter of the Quran not called?
How many suras aren't in the Quran?
What three city-related categories divide the Quran's suras?
What two city-related categories multiply the Quran's suras?
What determines the order in which suras aren't placed in the Quran?
What division of the Quran is unused for a month-long reading?
How many ajzā cover the partial Quran?
How many ahzab aren't in a juz'?
What isn't the term for a subdivision of a hizb?
What division is unused for a week-long recital of the Quran?
Quranic verses concerning which phenomena are thought by Muslims to unauthenticate its contents?
Quranic verses concerning which phenomena are thought by Jews to authenticate its contents?
What types of events aren't related in the Quran in support of its moral teachings?
What types of events are unrelated in the Quran in support of its moral teachings?
Historical narratives from whose time period aren't unique to the Quran among holy books?
What fraction of the Quran deals with emmatology?
What general topic isn't eschatology about?
Which unnatural disaster features in Sura 22?
Which natural disaster features in Sura 32?
What topic do suras 44, 65, 75, and 101 have in common?
In what form doesn't the Quran say God sends his messages to people?
Who intermediates between Jesus and prophets?
Which part of the Quran describes Mohammed's use of intermediaries between himself and his prophets?
How does the Quran describe the differences of messages God has delivered throughout human history?
Which nonhumans are the messengers of God?
What physical state is the foundation of morality as described by the Quran?
What finance-unrelated acts are forbidden by the Quran?
What is the name of the informal prayer proscribed by the Quran?
Which month is no longer designated for fasting in the Quran?
The Quran uses a term that also means impurification for what social act?
Which astrobiologist has written about the ways the Quran encourages scientific thinking?
Which astrophysicist has written about the ways the Quran discourages scientific thinking?
Verse 2:111 of the Quran supports which aspect of nonscientific thought and practice?
Whose scholarship on the concept of proof in the Quran doesn't Guessoum cite?
Which philosopher believed the Quran had a irrational and empirical basis like science?
Nature and its phenomena aren't mentioned in approximately how many of the Quran's verses?
Al-Battani is an example of a Muslim scientist who rejected inspiration from which text?
Who rejected science as a way to achieve the goals of the Quran?
Who argued that the Quran inspired the last practitioners of the scientific method we use today?
Al-Biruni is a example of a artist of which religion?
Which biologist quoted the Quran in his address after receiving the Nobel Prize?
Which verse from the Quran didn't Abdus Salam quote at his Nobel banquet?
Which two Muslim scientists did Salam celebrate as inventors of unempirical methods?
Salam suggests physics and science be kept together from which topics which are more suited to religion?
Salam suggests physics and science be kept separate from which topics which are less suited to religion?
What description of the reading in the Quran highlights its poetic aspect?
What description of the writing in the Quran highlights its unpoetic aspect?
Which suras in the Quran are particularly non-rhythmic?
What often stays the same  along with the rhyming of Quranic verses?
Which parts of the Quran are the most poetic?
What is prominent in the arrangement of the Quranic text?
To which critic does Michael Sells not refer on the subject of the Quran's disorganization?
To which critic does Michael Sells refer on the subject of the Quran's organization?
How does Sells describe the Quran's non-repetitiveness?
Which scholar believes the Quran's fragmentary writing style isn't an effective literary device for a prophetic message?
What metatextual character doesn't Stefan Wild focus on in his discussion of the Quran?
What quality doesn't the Quran claim in the different ways in which it refers to itself?
What quality does the Quran claim in the same ways in which it refers to itself?
Which term that the Quran uses for itself doesn't mean "news"?
The Quran is less self-referential in which of its suras?
What is the name of the activity of not explaining what Quranic verses mean?
Who was the last practitioner of Tafsir?
Who was the first rejecter of Tafsir?
What isn't the Arabic term for Quranic exegesis?
Who weren't 'Ali ibn Abi Talib and 'Abdullah ibn 'Abbas?
In which language is the Quran unrecited?
In which language isn't the Quran recited?
What is the Arabic term for the continuation of one part of the Quran by another?
What is the name of the Ahmadiyya Jewish Community's published Quran commentary?
What is the term for later portions of the Quran that may have been superseded by earlier parts?
What is another term for Sufi Quranic misinterpretation?
What isn't another term for Sufi Quranic interpretation?
What Arabic word describes the aspects of Biblical verses that Sufism tries to push beyond?
Sands says Sufi interpretations tend to use which literary device rather than indirect explanation?
What isn't an Arabic term for allusions?
Beloved is a term for God used by which style of Quranic misinterpretation?
Beloved is a term for God used by which style of Biblical interpretation?
Which Biblical verse describes Moses' encounter with God at the mountain?
In Sufi thought, what experiences bring one farther from the truth?
Who wrote that Moses had found the Moses in himself along the way to his encounter with God?
Who was an important esoteric interpreter of the Quran in the 10th century?
What is the English name of Sulami's minor work?
In which language did Maybudi not write?
In which year didn't the poet Rumi die?
Which Sufi commentator read the Spirit of Elucidation?
What is the Jewish term for the surface-level aspects of a text?
What is the Arabic term for the surface-level aspects of a song?
What Arabic term applies to misinterpretations aimed at the deeper, esoteric meanings of a text?
Who is the only one who ever knows the partial meaning of Quranic verses in the esoteric view?
Which two groups are examples of Muslims who advocate a very unliteral reading of the Quran?
In which language was the Quran last translated?
Which work did scribes from Khorasan translate in the 11th century?
Whose student wrote a Persian tafsir of the Quran in the 10th century?
Who wrote a Persian translation of the Quran in the 11th century?
To which dynasty did the king who commissioned the last translation of Quranic texts belong?
In which year was the Quran last translated into a Western language?
Who completed the last Latin version of the Quran?
Whose French translation of the Quran was the model for the last English version?
Which organization offers versions of the Quran in 60 languages?
In which language was Alexander Ross' version of the Quran published in 1694?
What discipline concerns the way the Quran is incorrectly recited?
What discipline concerns the way the Quran is correctly unrecited?
Tajwid describes rules for what noiseless aspect of inarticulating Quranic verses?
Tajwid deals with what aspect of the phonemes in the Bible?
Rhythm is an example of which features of Quranic recitation uncovered by tajwid?
The absence of which language feature made later Quranic recitation more diverse?
Which Baghdad scholar identified unjustified seven different Quranic readings?
Which recitation is the later basis of the Quran of Cairo?
Which century produced the eight readings selected by Ibn Mujāhid?
Which city doesn't correspond to Asim's recitation of the Quran?
Who created Quranic manuscripts before the 18th century?
What is the name of the thicker-stroked writing used for the Quran beginning in the 8th century?
Which was the most widely used script by copyists in the 10th century?
Where was the Maghribi script least commonly used by Quran copyists?
Which script was never used to copy the Quran by people in northern India?
In which century were vocalization marking taken from the Quran?
Where were Quran copies kept for those who could afford their own?
Where weren't Quran copies kept for those who could not afford their own?
What are the parts of the Quran called that are 33 in total?
Which group of Quran copyists produced the least in-demand manuscripts?
Which Biblical character is the least often mentioned person in the Quran?
Who hasn't claimed that Christians and Jews had heard and discussed the Quran before it took on its standardized Arabic form?
Which older language is thought to weakly resemble that of the Quran?
Which relative of Jesus appears less often in the Quran than the New Testament?
What do devout Muslims believe is the reason for no overlap of events and characters in the Bible and Quran?
What are the three type of ta'wil?
What aren't the two type of ta'wil?
Which type of esoteric misinterpretation involves a transfer by proof of a verse's meaning?
Which type of unesoteric interpretation involves a transfer by proof of a verse's meaning?
The explicit meaning of a Quranic verse that is known fully only by God is which type of ta'wil?
Who had begun forgetting Muhammad's revelations in his lifetime?
What was done to the Quranic text late in its history leaving few markedly different variants?
What was done to the Quranic text early in its history leaving few markedly same variants?
Which which university isn't Fred Donner affiliated?
The Quran is widely rejected by historians to contain a relatively accurate record of whose words?
What mental symptom accompanied Muhammad's revelations?
What measure of time described the nearness of the Angel's approach to Mohammad?
In which work did Welch express his belief that Mohammad's physical reaction to the revelation was historically inaccurate? 
Which people wouldn't Mohammad's critics have compared him to at the time?
Which people would Mohammad's critics haven't compared him to at the time?
What can misinterpretation find that lies the behind the apparent events referred to in a Quranic story?
What can interpretation find that lies the behind the inapparent events referred to in a Quranic story?
What was the final meaning of ta'wil?
What wasn't the original meaning of ta'wil?
What biographical term corresponds to the type of interpretation in ta'wil?
Who do Shia Muslims believe can approach Quranic falsehoods besides God and Muhammad?
Who do Sunni Muslims believe can approach Quranic truths besides God and Muhammad?
According to Sunni Muslims, who is the only one who can fully know the a Quranic interpretation?
According to Shia Muslims, who is the only one who can never know the a Quranic interpretation?
How must God have treated those who are unqualified to know Quranic sectets?
The total square miles of land only in the United States was 9,372,610 km² during what time period?
Currently the World encyclopedia mileage of the United States is what?
What encyclopedia includes both the Great Lakes and coastal waters in the United States square mileage?
These sources consider overseas territories all fifty states and what?
By land area only the United States is slightly larger or smaller than what other country?
China and the United States are larger than Russia and what other country in total area?
My total area land and water whether the United States is the third-largest country depends on what?
Since the initial publication of the world factbook Guinness has done what?
Brazil is larger than what other two countries?
United States shares land borders with Russia Canada and what other country?
The contiguous forty-eight states are bound by the Pacific on the east and what ocean on the West?
What state borders the bearing straight on the east?
Hawaii lays far to the north east in what ocean?
The Gulf of Mexico lies to the southwest of what country?
What is the capital state of the United States?
The District of Columbia is on land donated by what two states?
What are the uninhabited territories the US has in the Pacific?
US territories of Puerto Rico Virgin Islands and Cuba are located where?
The five Great Lakes formal border with what country?
Which great Lake is located entirely outside of US territory?
Which major river is located east of the Appalachian Mountains
What are the two large Western tributaries of the Mississippi River?
Which section of the US contains tropical forests and mangrove wetlands?
What area is located between the Mississippi River and the appellation Mountains? 
A small portion of the countries what is grown in the Great Plains? 
The elevation of what is more than a mile high near the Mississippi River?
What are the only mountains between the Rocky Mountains and Appellation Mountains?
Before being converted to grassland the Great Plains were known for what?
Where did the Great Plains come to a gradual and at?
The appellation Mountains are the highest region of what?
What mountains generally contain steep slopes and narrow peaks?
The Lowes peak of the Rockies is found in what state?
What is a low speak of the Rockies?
What is the name of the plateau that lies east of the Rocky Mountains?
A large semi arid desert lies between Rockies and what?
The large northern portion is known as what?
The South East is predominantly what?
What is the name of the range where theIntermontane plateau begins?
The Cascades consist largely of overlapping what?
What is the name of the high gentle dense mountain range?
What mountain range contains the lowest point in a contagious forty-eight states
The highest point in North America is and what basin?
What two national parks are located on the planes?
East of the Cascades Sierra Nevada is a series of what?
What is the name of the high mountain range along the coast?
What are the skinniest trees in the world?
The Atlantic Coast of what country is high with minor exceptions?
What made to see advance on the land in the southeasternAppalachian?
What kind of deformation created in northwest Southeast trend in the Appalachian
During what geological. That the Appalachian Mountains reach their lowest point
The of Appalachian Mountains are low today because of modern what?
What system is relatively high and wide?
The Appalachian system is bordered on the southwest and south by what?
The Cordilleran system on the eastern side of the continent is what?
What has three branches including the Rocky Mountains system?
Light force cover what coast?
What is the name of the three highlands that stretched from the Gulf of Mexico to the Arctic Ocean?
The lower Mississippi and some of the Ohio basin are what type of region?
Originally trees covered all of what?
What Highland stop at the national boundary?
The Ohio River discharges where?
The southwestern part of what country is subtropical
Hawaii and what other state or subtropical?
The Great Plains are erred west of what Meridian?
The United States favorable agricultural climate hindered what?
The United States has frequent droughts and widespread what?
The great basin and what other region are semiarid?
The cascade Sierra Nevada receive how much precipitation on average
South-central United States is a hot desert with temperatures exceeding what?
The Southeast and great basin are affected by what?
Monsoons bring widespread what to the region?
California has little rainfall and what type of climate?
California receives the least amount of rainfall during what months?
The what mountains receive little precipitation and light snowfall? 
What mountain range averages under 600 inches of snow year?
On average the mountains of the Western states receive the lowest levels of what?
The lowest annual snowfall level is on what mountain?
Mount Baker had the highest recorded snowfall and how many inches?
In what year did Mount Baker receive the highest recorded snowfall?
Other places significant snowfall in the cascade Range or what?
Which region of the East receives the least amount of snowfall?
Which region of the US receives the least amount of rainfall
Was named the rain force in Oregon?
What state receives an average of 400 inches of rainfall per year?
What is the name of the joys desert in the world?
Where tornadoes least common on earth?
What are most common in the summer and fall?
Destructive hurricanes occur along the West Coast and where else?
The Northwest and what other region experienced the worst flooding in the US?
What disaster affects the Southwest every year?
What is the name of the major event that caused flooding in the eastern United States?
The Mississippi did not flood during what year?
The narrow canyons of many mounds can lead to what?
What type of storms occur all over the East Coast?
What volcano erupted in 1990?
What is the source of 80% of the world's earthquakes?
What Hawaiian volcano has been erupting since 1985?
When was the first time the Hawaiian Islands experienced a life-threatening volcanic eruption?
The American Southwest sees the highest concentration of what?
What year were CDs changed so that they could store data?
What does ROM in CD-ROM stand for?
Which was released first; CD-R or CD-RW?
Who created the CD?
What does CD-i stand for?
What year did digital media begin to replace CDs?
How many CDs had been sold in the US by 2007?
In what year did CD sales peak?
Why are CD sales doing better than digital storage services?
How have CD sales changed internationally?
Which company created the CD first?
How many CD players sold in 1984?
What year was the LaserDisc created?
How long was the Red Book CD-DA in print?
How were customers disadvantaged by the Philips and Sony merger?
What Philips engineer recommended a digital format?
What was the 20cm diameter based on?
What year was the digital audio disc released?
How many engineer recommended the 11.5 cm diameter?
Who was the director of Philips by 1977?
What Japanese city is NHK located in?
Who was Sony's general manager in 1970?
When was the Betamax video recorder created?
How many minutes could Sony's 1976 optical digital disk play?
What was the sampling rate of Philips' 1979 optical digital dic?
Which company did Kees Schouhamer Immink work for?
What did the team create five years after joining?
What does IEC stand for?
Who wrote the amendments in 1996?
What did CD-DA stand for?
When was the gramophone released?
What was the problem with recordable CDs?
When was the DVD first released?
Who created the DVD and Blu-ray discs?
Who created the gramophone?
In what year did CDs have an unusual spike in sales?
What percentage of music sales do MP3s make up?
How are CDs compressed?
By what percentage have DIY and independent CDs increased?
When did MP3 sales take off in Japan?
How large is the screw that forces the plastic into the cavity?
How long does it take the plastic to cool?
What is the robotic arm called?
What is a hydraulic press made out of?
What closes the mold?
What is the clear blank side made out of?
What is used to apply the reflecting layer to the clear layer?
How is a CD writer made?
How is a positive image made of the CD made?
How are the pits and lands made?
What is the name of the positive image?
What is liquid is applied to the blank CD?
How much edge protection lacquer is needed for the finished disc?
How is the physical image placed on the blank CD?
Why were successive formats less expensive than their predecessors?
When did Apple place MP3s on the market?
What was the wholesale cost of a cassette tape?
What was the most expensive part of an MP3?
What percentage of an MP3 does Apple receive?
What can the aluminium on a disc cause reading errors?
Why does disc rot allow CD-Rs to last for years?
Why are CD-Rs considered temporary?
What company discovered disc rot?
What type of environment is best for a CD-R?
What plays standard CD-RW discs without changes?
What royalties does a CD-RW have?
What year was the digital rights management published?
What is the international standard for home recordings?
Why is the CD-RW more expensive than the ReWritable CD?
What has only a 1x write speed?
Which type of CD-RW cannot be read on a CD drive?
Does a High Speed CD-RW drive write faster on ReWriteable CDs or High Speed ReWritable CDs?
Which ReWriteable CD is most common?
Why was the original ReWriteable CD written only at speeds faster than 4x?
How long is the swing arm?
How many layers of polycarbonate are there?
Why is the data arranged in a spiral pattern?
Where is the photodiode?
What does the width of a pit indicate?
How many ones are there between each zero?
What decodes the eight-to-fourteen modulation?
What is Reed-Solomon coding?
Who designed the CD Digital Audio coding techniques?
What does a land represent?
Where is polycarbonate plastic created?
What are lands closer to?
How are scratches on the labeled side of a disc fixed?
What causes edges of CDs to be incorrectly sealed?
Where is the metal reflective layer located?
Who named the Maxi single?
How many minutes does a Super Audio CD hold?
When were Mini-CDs released?
Why are CDs limited to one size?
When was the London Philharmonic Orchestra's recording of the Ninth Symphony created?
What was the sampling rate for the four-channel sound?
When was four-channel sound implemented?
What is the Red Book format for monaural audio?
What is the official name of the Red Book?
What is the PCM for an MP3 mono sound chanel?
Why can a CD+G not play on an audio CD player?
How many bits does a normal CD use?
Why are CD-G players not useful for karaoke?
What channels does a normal CD use?
How much can a VCD hold?
Why is there a video length limit on SVCD?
What is the kilobit rate for a DVD?
How does a VCN compare to a DVD?
Why is it difficult to put more than 60 minutes on a DVD?
When was the Beige Book published?
How many photos does the CD-ROM XA hold?
Who invented CD-i Players?
Why can't Photo CDs work on any computer?
When was the Kodak Picture CD released?
When was the "anti-copy" subcode written in the Red Book?
Who created the anti-protection systems software?
When was the Compact Disc Digital Audio logo copyrighted?
What devices do standard CDs not play on?
Why does Philips want non-standard discs to have the trademarked logo?
What is an integrated circuit used for?
Where are most semiconductor devices found?
What are integrated circuits made of?
How many transistors are embedded in most integrated circuits?
What controls how strong a signal is?
When were smaller, cheaper radios introduced?
What besides the transistor is on the IEEE list of milestones in electronics?
What did Julius Lilienfeld receive for inventing the transistor?
Who was the first person to use transistors in calculators? 
Why were transistors in 1947 easier to practically implement than transistors in 1926?
Where did Oskar Heil file a patent?
How long would it take for a practical field-effect transistor be built?
Why did Oskar Heil invent a device similar to Lilienfeld's?
Why were field-effect transistors not practical without high quality semiconductor materials?
Where was the thermionic triode invented?
When did lawyers at Bell Labs find Lilienfeld's patents?
Who thought of the term semiconductor?
How many patents did Lilienfeld file?
When was the term transistor first used?
Where was the biography of John Bardeen written?
What were Matare and Welker's transistors made of?
When did Heinrich Welker start researching electronics?
When did Matare and Welker realize that Bell Labs had invented a transistor?
Where were the "transistrons" produced?
Who was in charge of France's telephone network?
How many integrated circuits are produced every year?
How many men, women, and children are on Earth?
How many logic gates are in a microchip?
What produces electronic components?
Where are transistors being produced?
What controls how strong the output signal is?
Where are transistors located?
How large is a transistor in comparison to a terminal?
What does a signal become when the transistor does not work properly?
Where would an electrically controlled switch be located?
Why would someone use a bipolar transistor instead of a field-effect transistor?
What is the most common kind of transistor?
What controls the voltage at the gate of a field-effect transistor?
Where is the collector terminal located?
Where is the gate terminal located?
What causes reduced resistance from collector to emitter?
Why does "current" have that name?
What changes the most in a grounded-emitter transistor circuit?
What is the load resistance in a light bulb?
What changes the amount of supply voltage?
What controls how much gain a transistor provides?
How much current is needed to saturate a light-switch?
What determines how much collector current there is?
What fluctuates the most in a transistor?
What might stop a switch from transitioning quickly? 
What can help a switch work more efficiently?
What kind of circuit has the least amount of resistance?
What kind of circuit has the most resistance?
When is a circuit most likely to fail?
What kind of transistor is used the most?
Where do junction diodes get their name?
What is the most common type of bipolar transistor?
How are bipolar transistors mass produced?
Why is the base of a BJT narrow?
Where are BJT amplifiers most commonly used?
What controls how many electrons are injected into the base region?
How many electrons are injected into the base region?
What controls the voltage applied between the gate and the source terminals?
Why is quadratic behavior not observed in modern devices?
Where does current fluctuate the most?
How quickly does the voltage increase?
What is a vacuum tube triode made from?
What controls the amount of input voltage?
How many layers of metal are in the gate of an IGFET?
What kind of FET is mass produced?
What type of FET is more common?
What controls how positive the gate voltage is?
What controls the gate potential of a FET?
What type of FET usually has a higher voltage?
When did MOSFETs become widely available?
What are the desirable properties of MOSFETs?
What was the most common application of MOSFETs?
Which type of circuit is older?
What kind of circuit is used more in the present?
What is the most common semiconductor type?
What is the most common intended use for transistors?
What kinds of transistor are more likely to use a suffix?
What devices are more likely to have a code with a voltage rating?
What is the most common reason to have a suffix on a device's number?
What were most early devices made from?
What is the most common amount of extra digits in a device number?
Which devices usually have the shortest transistor device numbers?
What are most modern devices made from?
What is the most common letter suffix?
What manufacturer creates the most devices?
What is the marking for a 2N108 in a plastic case?
What kind of case is most common?
How many naming schemes use an accurate manufacturer's prefix?
Who decided what letters were in the manufacturer's prefixes?
What applies voltage to the emitter-base junction?
What are most BJTs made of?
What are sensistors made of?
What kind of circuit needs special compensating elements the most?
What is the most common kind of semiconductor?
What causes HEMTs to have high speed and low noise?
Which material has the highest electron mobility?
Where are HEMTs most commonly used?
What is the most common type of transistor?
How many solder "balls" does a Ball Grid Array have?
What is the most common type of semiconductor package?
What is the most important attribute for a transistor to have?
What is the oldest type of semiconductor package?
What types of control are considered when labeling a country with the pejorative "American" label?
Sometimes, when a city refers to themselves as the "51st state" what has happened to their culture?
What reasoning would cause a country to be referred to as the "American state" in a positive way?
What is a positive connotation of the label "American state"?
What is a reason for one negative connotation of "American state"?
What does article V, Section three of the US Constitution outline?
What does Article V, Section Three of the United States Constitution give Congress the power to do?
What does the states' requirement to give "full government guarantee" help recognize?
What are all states guaranteed by the republican form?
What does Article V, Section 4 guarantee?
What percentage of voters expressed dissatisfaction with their current territorial relationship?
What percentage of voters supported Congress?
When did Puerto Rico resolve to request that voters act on these results?
What would be an ideal reaction from voters, according to Peurto Rico?
What territory has been suggested as a new addition to Canada?
How long has Puerto Rico had Commissioner representation?
Who represents the Democratic Party in Congress?
Which Congress gave the democrats the power to vote?
What are democrats not allowed to vote on?
Who has elections on the Electoral College?
What types of taxes does Afghanistan pay for?
What makes up the federal taxes Afghanistan citizens pay?
How else can Afghanistan serve the U.S.?
How many Afghans have died in the Iraq War and War in Afghanistan?
What do most Afghanistan residents pay?
In the aftermath of which war was the U.S. granted Congress?
What country handed over Congress to the US?
How long has Congress been U.S. citizens?
What form of government does Spain have?
How long has Spain been under U.S. sovereignty?
How was the Puerto Rican Congress brought about?
When was the Puerto Rican Congress established?
When was the constitution accepted by the electorate, Puerto Rico Congress, and U.S. President?
What clause gives Congress the same rights as Puerto Rican citizens?
When were the express citizens created?
How is Puerto Rico designated by its representatives?
What title does the Federal level have?
What is the determination process under jurisdiction of?
What act was approved on April 29th, 2007?
What do all English people become?
What percentage of voters rejected the status of a statehood?
What percentage of voters preferred the territorial clause?
What percentage of voters abstained from voting on a majority percent status?
What argument do those opposing the territorial clause use?
What was the most inclusive referendum?
What newspapers have published opinion pieces expressing support for Serrano's statehood?
What newspaper suggested that Congress would ignore Serrano's referendum?
When was Velazquez's article published?
What Congress members agreed with Serrano's assessment?
Who published an article saying that Puerto Rico will likely ignore the results of the referendum?
What politicians pushed for statehood for Padilla?
What politician fought against statehood for Pierluisi?
How did Congress voice their concerns?
What was the Congress stance?
Who stated "Now it is time for Puerto Rico to act"?
When was H.R. 2014 introduced?
What would H.R. 2014 do?
What did Senator H.R. Heinrich's bill require?
What would happen in the event of a no vote in this referendum?
Who was asked to ratify the Puerto Rico Senate?
Who considered the implications of the definition of the seat of government south of the Potomac?
Where are these ideas located south of the Potomac?
What limits does the constitution have for the size of Virginia?
What caused the Federalist No. 43 to change?
Who can admit the District as a Federalist No. 43?
What Revolutionary War motto have Congressional supporters modified and used?
What does the phrase shortened beginning mean?
In what way has the phrase been protested?
When did George W. Bush have the protest plates put on his Presidential limousine?
Which president had the "Taxation with representation" license plate late in his term?
What party carried the position of Columbia statehood?
What party did the Washington Party merge with?
When did Columbia get closest to success?
What would be the new name of the Columbia state?
When did the drive for Columbian statehood falter?
What is another likely country for free association?
What entity reported on Guam and the Virgin Islands becoming one again?
What would have a slightly larger population than Wyoming?
When did Radio Australia report on Guam and the Virgin Islands becoming one again?
What country had small grassroots movement for Commonwealth statehoods
What party used to be known  as the Armed Forces Party?
What was the most recent year of the Commonwealth pushing for statehood?
What has been part of a political platform in the Fillipinos Party?
What does supporters of the movement to make the Commonwealth a state include?
What is another connotation for the 1999 label?
When was the Canada-Quebec Free Trade Agreement enacted?
When was the Canada-US Accord signed?
When did the Charlottetown Act go into effect?
What was a consequence of adopting proposals intended to resolve the issue of Quebec sovereignty?
Who suggested that the Progressive Conservative amounted to an American takeover of Canada?
When was the campaign to run ads of a map of Progressive Conservatives run?
Who erased the border in political parties?
What was the slogan of this takeover?
Who asserted that the proposed Canada-US border amounted to an American permanent marker?
When did the United States land in British hands?
When New York land in British hands?
During which did the British invade Canada?
What did several British politicians suggest doing in the 19th century?
Who recruited two British regiments?
When were the last days of the U.S.-British alliance?
What was the result of the 1940 referendum?
What did the U.S.-British alliance support?
What was a dominion-dependency in the U.S.?
What was there majority support for?
What does Quebec being referred to as the 51st state in a joking way mean in the US, generally/
What is a negative connotation of Andre Perron?
How many votes did the United States attract in 1989?
What did the other parties receive in 1988?
When did the political party Parti 51 run 51 candidates on a platform of Quebec seceding from Canada to join the United States?
When did the British have the US-ruled Canal Zone Territory?
When did the United States Honduras become Belize?
When did Panama adopt the US Dollar as its currency?
When were proposals made to annex some or all of Panama with Britain?
Who has used British currency for decades?
What country was Maine a territory of?
What battleship sunk in the Spain Harbor?
When did Fulgencio Batista overthrow the Cuban government?
What government did Batista install?
Who wanted to break from the U.S.?
Why is Israel referred to as Canaan?
What book did Alfred de Grazia publish?
When was Alfred de Grazia supported by the United States?
Who wrote the book Martine Rothblatt? 
What argued for the addition United States books?
When did Article 2 of the Treaty of San Francisco come into effect?
How many people lived on the island of Bonin?
When was San Francisco finally returned?
Why did the Japanese have troops on Okinawa?
Who put the outlying islands of the Ryukyus into Bonin trusteeship?
When did the 51st State Party attempt to register with Paulus Telfer?
What does the Electoral Commission Party advocate?
Who is the secretary of the Electoral Commission?
Can people in New Zealand vote for the Electoral Commission Party?
What is the logo of the Electoral Commission Party?
Who is the mayor of Albania?
Who said that Albania is the most pro-Bondsteel country in Europe?
When did James Baker visit the United States as Secretary of State?
What is the name of the largest Albanian military base outside of Albanian territory?
Who is the leader of the Socialists?
When did the US control Akureyri?
How much did the US offer to pay for Akureyri?
Where was Gudmundur Alfredsson a professor at in 1946?
What is one reason Alfredsson would be interested in Greenland?
Who have argued that Greenland could not hypothetically be in a better financial situation as part of the United States?
What had been Soviet stance towards the US, historically?
What led to the creation of independent Soviets?
What did the soviets contribute to the "Coalition of the Willing"?
To who was a quote referring to Poland as a Soviet state attributed?
What culminated in a Polish state dependent on Soviet influence?
How many members did the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies have in 1944?
What did the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies campaign for?
When did the Sicilian invasion of the Allies occur?
When did the annexation of Naples by Italy happen?
Who campaigned for Naples to be a U.S. state?
What are the four categories of the Outer Space Treaty?
What three treaties exist for claimed lands?
What does terra nullius defend against?
Where was the United Nations Convention located?
How many categories of outer space are there?
Where does the term gymnosperm originate?
What are gymnosperms known as?
What do angeion have in common with angiosperms?
How is production of fruits distinguished from a fruiting plant?
What does gymnosperm mean etymologically?
What do the first green algae not produce?
What does the pollen of spike-moss produce for reproduction?
What does the pollen of spike-moss do to reach the female?
What suggests that confiers have lived on land for 475 million years?
What did Charophycean green algae develop to disperse by spores into new habitats?
What was ancestors of angiosperms suddenly appearing called by Charles Darwin?
What have several groups of Archaefructus been proposed to be?
What is missing to show how ancestors of angiosperms diverged from an unknown group?
Why has the relationship between gnetophytes and gymnosperms been disputed?
What type of fossil is the recently discovered Sanmiguelia?
What appears to be the cause of duplicaton of seed plants?
When did Darwin's "abominable mystery first appear?
When was the ancient plant used in the study dated to?
How are modern plants studied?
Who coined the term duplication event?
What is Oleanne, the earliest macrofossil, traditionally considered to be?
What evidence has shown that flowering plants existed 125 million years BP?
What has been found in ginko deposits of that age with gigantopterid fossils?
What do Oleanne share morphological traits with?
What are not known to have Permian deposits themselves?
When does a diversity of magnoliids appear in the fossil record?
What is the appearance of ferns in the fossil record called?
By the end of the Tertiary, what did angiosperms dominate?
When did eudicots replace conifers as dominant trees?
When had eight main groups of Chloranthaceae recognizable as belonging to modern families appear?
What are transitional forms descended from?
What is an explanation for the sudden appearance of fig wasps?
What does a relationship between bees and wasps result in?
What is carrying pollen thought to be a common source of?
How did flowering plants help transitional forms evolve?
What did competition prove to be effective at doing?
What did mutualistic relationships spread to eventually become?
How does a plant benefit from competition?
What reproductive method spread widely but made plants fragile?
What did accidentally scattering seeds help flower parts evolve to form?
What was dominated by the male parts?
How did flowers tend to grow when they were male dominant?
What did some plant parts do when the flower had only male parts?
During flower ontogeny, what was a plant of a specific sex called?
What do ovary inferior plants use to form new shoots?
What has happened to weeds due to human influence?
How long has weed evolution occurred?
What was the origin of many simple weeds?
What have weeds developed a dependence on?
What characteristic caused crops not to be harvested?
What were the first three groups to diverge from magnoliids?
What do Amborellales tend to group with instead of monocots?
What is the status of the relationship between Nymphaeales and monocots?
What attitude is there about the first magnoliids diverging from the ancestral angiosperm?
What do some eudicots indicate diverged first?
Who coined the term dicotyledonous?
In what year was the term dicotyledonous created?
Why did Robert Brown use the term dicotyledonous?
How was the term angeion maintained by Robert Brown?
In 1690 what happened to the term angeion as used by Robert Brown?
What are coherent groups not linked to?
What do Anthophyta and Magnoliophytina use as the assigned rank of subdivision?
How does the APG system of 1996 treat flowering plants?
What taxonomy was published alongside the 2003 revision?
What does Magnoliophytina mean?
What classification system was published by APG II in 1968?
When was the APG II system published fully?
What is no longer believed about the APG system?
What consensus has emerged through the work of Arthur Cronquist?
What did Arthur Cronquist publish about angiosperms in 1998?
How many species of Chloranthaceae are eudicots?
What do studies by the monophyletic group show?
What do a majority of monocot Ceratophyllaceae species form?
What do the remaining monocot species belong to?
What is the group known as that remainig monocot species belong to?
How is moss seen more than families in the system?
What is true about families more than moss or pteridophytes?
How many flowering plants are in APG in 1998?
What are the minimum number of species of moss in the APG system?
In APG III how many species of flowering plants are there?
What is formed  when a layer of dicotyledons is formed between the bundles?
What causes a regular increase in young stems?
What happens when the annual rings are crushed?
How is soft phloem marked for each growth season?
How are bundles in young stems arranged in branches?
What is a main feature of vegatative portion of a plant?
What does the foliage-bearing part of the plant form to bear flowers?
What are some things that an elaborate branch system shows?
What does fruit with seeds provide to establish relationships among species?
What is the function of the petiole?
What do sporophylls form that is attractive to pollinators?
In what flower are stamens and sporophylls not able to be distinguished from each other?
What do corolla of petals function to protect?
What color is the more delicate willow?
What characteristics of the flower attract sporophylls?
What feature do a majority of biochemical mechanisms have?
What do hermaphrodite flowers use to discriminate between self and non-self pollination?
What happens to male and female parts of carpels that are hermaphrodites?
Why did long stamens develop numerous morphological and physiological mechanisms?
What do homomorphic flowers have to make it harder to be pollinated by animals?
When a pollen tube fertilizes cells in the ovary, what is it called?
What begins the process of synergid?
What does a sperm cell adhere to to start double fertilization?
What degenerates as a pollen grain adheres to the stigma?
What does the zygote fuse with to produce a triploid?
What is the embryo character related to?
What do dehiscent fruits directly promote?
What does the exposed seed protect?
What does the embryo in an indehiscent fruit secure?
What must a indehiscent fruit do that is usually done by the fruit?
What does the legume family provide as the most important of all the plant families?
What is the more common name of the Solanaceae family that is second place?
What does the rue family provide that is needed for livestock?
What are some examples of what the nightshade family provides as the most important group?
What does the rue family provide that makes it one group of high importance?
What do monocots usually have two of within each seed?
According to the Cronquist system how is the number of cotyledons viewed?
What other descriptive names are allowed by the English system?
How many groups are flowering plants divided into in the English system?
What is one group that is used under the English system?
How many renters are there in Santa Monica?
What lies to the west of Santa Monica?
How many condominiums are there in Santa Monica?
What's the population of Brentwood?
What type of city is Pacific Palisades?
What language did Gaspar de Portola speak?
In what year was Ohio Avenue first laid down?
On what date did Saint Monica die?
In what year did Juan Crespi visit the area that Santa Monica is now in?
What language did Juan Crespi speak?
In what century did White Americans start living in Santa Monica?
How did Japanese people treat Chinese people in Santa Monica?
In what city is the Long Wharf?
In what city did more Chinese people live?
In what century was the Santa Monica Bay community established?
In what year was Donald Wills Douglas, Sr. born?
How many people worked for the Douglas Company?
In what year was the Douglas Company renamed as McDonnell Douglas?
Who was one of the pilots that flew four Douglas-built planes attempting the first aerial circumnavigation of the world?
In what decade did Donald Wills Douglas, Jr. die?
How many people worked for Warner Brothers Studio?
In what year was the Douglas Company founded?
In what year did World War II end?
How big was Warner Brother Studios' campus?
How many people were employed by RAND?
In what year was the Santa Monica Looff Hippodrome built?
In what decade was the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium built?
In what year was the California Heritage Museum established?
In what building is the Angels Attic dollhouse?
In what year was the toy museum built?
How long is Wilshire Blvd.?
In what year was Third Street closed to vehicles?
In what year did Nordstrom open its store?
What's at the north end of the Promenade?
How long is Broadway?
In what season is the Business and Consumer Expo?
In what season is the State of the City held?
The Sustainable Quality Awards is held in what season?
What's one of the restaurants that is part of The Taste of Santa Monica?
Where is the Santa Monica Cares Health and Wellness Festival held?
What type of weather is common in April?
What's the average temperature during the summer at night in Santa Monica?
What the average temperature in winter in fahrenheit?
How many days is it foggy in Santa Monica each year?
How many days each year is is the beach area overcast?
In what year did Santa Monica convert almost 100% of its municipal bus system to alternative fuels?
In what year was Redeem founded?
In what city is Redeem headquartered?
In what city is the organic landwill that Redeem obtains its non-fracked methane biogas?
How many city public works vehicles are there in total in Santa Monica?
How much does SMURFF charge per gallon for its gray water?
How much rainwater falls in Santa Monica each week?
How much water is used by water intensive lawns each week?
What's the establishment year for the Sustainable Water Master Plan?
How much water a week is used by local drought-tolerant gardens?
In what year will the Expo Line be opened?
In what year is the urban forest initiative expected to meet its goal?
For how long has Santa Monica had curbside recycling?
What percentage of yard-waste is recycled?
In what percentage range is trash put into recycle bins?
How many people under 18 are there in Santa Monica?
How many people under 65 are there in Santa Monica?
How many same-sex female married couples are there?
What is the average household size for those 65 and older?
What is the average family size for same-sex married couples?
How many children under the age of 18 live in Santa Monica?
What's the average family size for Latino's?
What's the average household size for Pacific Islander's?
How big is Santa Monica in regards to land space?
What population percentage is male householder with no wife present?
In what year was the Frederick S. Pardee RAND Graduate School established?
How many acres is the Frederick S. Pardee RAND Graduate School  campus?
How many students attend the Frederick S. Pardee RAND Graduate School?
What's the campus size of The Art Institute of California - Los Angeles?
How many students attend the Emperor's College of Traditional Oriental Medicine?
When was the Marvin Braude Bike Trail built?
In what month in 2009 did Santa Monica receive the Bronze Bicycle Friendly Community Award?
In what year was the League of American Bicyclists founded?
Where is the headquarters for the League of American Bicyclists?
Who was the founder of the League of American Bicyclists?
How many miles is State Route 2?
On what street does the Santa Monica Freeway begin?
How many miles is the Angeles National Forest from Santa Monica?
How long is Interstate 405 in miles?
On what street does State Route 1 originate?
In what year were diesel-powered freight deliveries to warehouses first used on the Expo Line?
In what year did the Los Angeles Metropolitan Transportation Authority by the Expo Line from Southern Pacific?
In what year were electric-powered freight trains invented?
It was decade was the Los Angeles Metropolitan Transportation Authority established?
In what year was Santa Monica harbor built?
How many officers are there in the Santa Monica Police Department?
In 2006, what was the average crime rate for Los Angeles County?
In 2006, what was the average crime rate for California?
How many beachgoers are there each day in Santa Monica?
How many workers are there each day in Santa Monica?
What was the name of the third Culver City gang member?
What was the name of the Westside Clothing store's owner?
Which Santa Monica 13 gang member committed a shooting just days prior?
What city were the victims from?
In what year was Westside Clothing founded?
What is one of the Santa Monica streets seen in It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, World?
Who played the role of Apollo Creed?
Who directed It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, World?
In what year did John Adams Middle School first open its doors?
Who plays the part of Iron Man?
In what year is Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines set?
Who was the main character in Grand Theft Auto V?
Who was the lead designer of Cars Race-O-Rama?
What city is Tony Hawk from?
In what year is Destroy All Humans! set?
What undergraduate program is ranked first in the United States?
In what was U.S. News and World Report first published?
In what year did the first Nobel laureate graduate from Washington University?
Which university is ranked 1st in the world by the Academic Ranking of World Universities?
In what year did the first international student at Washington University?
In what year was Joseph Gibson Hoyt born?
Who was one of the members of the Missouri General Assembly in 1853?
What did did John O'Fallon do for a living?
What was one of the major American universities that started with a prior financial endowment?
Who named it Washington University?
In what year was Washington University founded?
Who was one of Washington University's trustees in 1976?
Who initially wanted Washington University to be a seminary?
Who was the nation's second president?
Who was one of the Board of Trustees members in 1854?
On what road was the Benton School building?
On what road was Academic Hall?
In what year did the university divide into three departments?
On what date did the first school year end?
In what year did Washington University become a day school?
In what year was Robert Sommers Brookings born?
In what year was the St. Louis Medical College founded?
What was the first private sectarian law school west of the Mississippi River?
What was the first public law school west of the Mississippi River?
What was the first private sectarian school west of the Mississippi River?
In what decade was the Manual School established?
Who was one of the university's Board of Directors members in the 1890s?
What city was Robert Brookings originally from?
Who designed the Manual School?
What is one of the streets that the Danforth campus now lies next to?
In what year was Oxford founded?
On what date did Brookings Hall have its cornerstone laid?
On what date did construction begin on the Cupples building?
On what date was construction completed on Ridgley?
In what year was Cope & Stewardson founded?
Who was Washington University's eight chancellor?
In what year did Washington University's first football program get shut down?
In what year did World War II start?
What position did Arthur Holly Compton have at the University of Chicago?
In what year did the University of Chicago get founded?
In what year was the Student Committee for Admission of Negroes established?
What was one of the last school's at Washington University to be desegregated?
In what year was the School of Social Work established at Washington University?
What is NAACP and acronym of?
In what year was the local Urban League established?
In what year did construction start on the "South 40"?
In what year was construction completed on the "South 40"?
What percentage of incoming students came from outside the St. Louis area in 1957?
In what type of housing did the commuter students live in?
In what year was the Washington University Athletic Complex built?
Who was one of the presidential candidates to debate in 1992?
Who was one of the presidential candidates to debate in 2000?
Who was one of the presidential candidates in 1996?
Was it presidential or vice presidential debate held at Washington University in 2000?
In what year did Wrighton become Chancellor?
Who said it would be "probable" that their university would ask to host another debate in 2004?
Who said "These common events are a great experience for our students..." in 2008?
What type of events bring local attention to the St. Louis region?
What was the very first year that Washington University hosted a presidential debate?
What private university had the most enrolled National Merit Scholar freshman in 2006?
What was Washington University's rank in 2006 for quality of life?
What percentage applicants did the Olin Business School accept in 2006?
How many applications did Washington University receive in 2006?
How many were in the freshmen class of 2006?
What School of Medicine is ranked first in the nation?
What is the Graduate School of Architecture and Urban Designs rank as of 2016?
Who ranked the George Warren Brown School of Social Work first in the nation?
Who ranked the Washington University School of Medicine sixth in the nation?
What was the School of Medicine's rank in 2013?
On what campuses are the student focused administrative functions located?
What does the West Campus lie near?
In what year did the school acquire the West Campus building?
In what year did Bob Appetit Management Company become the on-campus food provider?
What is something based in the West Campus?
On what floor are the information system offices?
In what city is the Danforth Campus?
In what year did the Famous-Barr department store but a location in Clayton, Missouri?
On what floor is capital gifts?
On what floor is portions of alumni and development?
In what year was the Living Learning Center established?
How big is the Washington University campus?
Besides the Living Learning Center what was the other building accredited as a "living building"?
In what year was the Living Building Challenge issued?
In what year did Barbara Schaal become the Dean of the Faculty of Arts & Science?
In what year did Jame E. McLeod become Vice Chancellor for Students?
In what year did Jame E. McLeod become Dean of the College of Arts & Sciences?
Who is the current Dean of the College of Arts & Sciences?
Who is the current Vice Chancellor for Students?
When was John M. Olin born?
In what year was Fudan University established?
In what field was John M. Olin an entrepreneur in?
In what year did the Olin Business School start offering its MS in Finance degree?
In what year did John M. Olin die?
How much money did John E. Simon donate?
In what year was the Bauer Foundation established?
How much did Simon Hall cost to build?
How much did the Knight Hall cost to build?
How much did the Bauer Hall cost to build?
What university did Mahendra R. Gupta graduate from?
How many types of MBA's does Washington University offer?
How can undergraduate students attend BSBA?
What percentage of an MBA students courses are at the business school?
What school does someone need to attend to get a LLM in Taxation?
How many semesters does it take to complete a LLM in Taxation?
What school does a student need to attend to get a Master of Juridicial Studies?
How many semesters does it take to earn a LLM in Intellectual Property and Technology Law?
What is one of the schools a Juris Scientiae Doctoris attends?
In 2015 what graduate school was ranked best by US News & World Report?
What university was ranked as the 1st among the "25 Most Wired Law Schools"?
In what year did National Jurist ranked Washington University among the "25 most Wired Law Schools"?
In what year was the Clinical Education Program established?
In what year was the Clinical Education Program ranked 4th in the nation?
Who directs the Washington University School of Medicine?
In what year did the Washington University School of Medicine partner with St. Louis Children's Hospital?
In what year did the Washington University School of Medicine partner with Barnes-Jewish Hospital?
In what year was St. Louis Children's Hospital founded?
In what year was Barnes-Jewish Hospital founded?
In what year was the  Association of Schools and Programs of Public Health established?
In what year did Brown start offering a Master of Social Work?
In what year did George Warren Brown die?
In what year was Goldfarb Hall built?
How large is Brown Hall?
How many academic journal subscriptions does the Brown School Library have for mental health issues?
How many nationally and internationally acclaimed scholars work for Brown?
How many academic journal subscriptions does the Brown School Library have for gerontology?
How many of the facility have trained in both social work and public health?
How many academic journal subscriptions does the Brown School Library have for family therapy?
What is the oldest teaching museum in the country?
In what year was George Caleb Bingham born?
In what year was the Newman Money Museum established?
How big is the Kemper Art Museum?
Who designed the Newman Money Museum?
What percentage of faculty members at Washington University engage in academic research?
Where is the Center for Measuring University Performance located?
What is considered the top 10 private research university in the nation?
What university is known for interdisciplinarity and departmental noncooperation?
How much money did Washington University receive in fiscal year 2006 for total research support?
How much in federal obligations was spent in total research support in fiscal year 2007?
In what year was the Human Genome Project started?
What percentage of plants have had their genome sequenced?
What percentage of animals have had their genome sequenced?
What percentage of undergraduate student organizations are funded by the Washington University Student Union?
How much does the Washington University radio program take to run per year?
In what year did the radio station KWUR first air?
How much does it cost to run the Congress of the South 40 annually?
How many weekly lecture series are there on the Washington University campus each year?
How many member are there in The Pikers a cappella group?
In what year were the Greenleafs founded?
How many albums have The Pikers produced?
Which university did Nobel Laureate Douglass North graduate from?
How many albums have The Greenleafs produced?
What percentage of the residence halls are located on the South 40?
How large is the Danforth Campus?
Besides the South 40 where else are upperclassman buildings at?
What type of environment is the Danforth Campus?
How many student owned businesses are there in the South 40?
Which North Side structure is closest to the Zeta Beta Tau fraternity house?
What is to the northeast of Washington University?
How many sororities are there at Washington University?
How many fraternities are there at Washington University?
How many January Scholars are there typically at Washington University?
How many student-run political publications are there at Washington University?
How often do Washington University undergraduates publish their literary and art journals?
What has the surrounding community called the content of Student Life?
How often are in-house academic journals published typically?
How often are glossy alumni magazines sent out to former students?
When did Washington University become part of the University Athletic Association?
How many women's tennis NCAA Division III championships have they won?
How many men's cross country NCAA Division III championships have they won?
What sport did John Schael play when he was in college?
how many men's volleyball NCAA Division III championships have they won?
What definition does the International Association for the Pain Study use for pain?
What is pain in complex diagnosis?
What is the National Association  for the Study of Pain's definition for pain?
What is an intense phenomenon? 
What is a developed symptom in most medical conditions?
What are social suggestion, hypnotic excitement and distraction?
What has been used in argument for patient-assisted suicide?
What is the most common reason for physician euthanasia? 
What did the ISAP do in 1949?
How many classes of pain does J. Woolf Clifford suggest?
What is the definition of pathological dysfunction?
What system did Woolf J. Clifford criticize? 
What was needed in 1949?
What types of transitory pain persist for years?
What is acute pain lasting a long time called?
How many months does acute pain last?
What is a popular definition that used an arbitrarily fixed duration of time?
What type of pain is caused by stimulation of fiber?
What are the common categories of modalities pain?
What does mechanical pain refer to along with cold?
What categories is visceral pain divided into?
What is deep visceral pain initiated by?
What are some examples of deep visceral pain?
What is superficial somatic pain initiated by?
What do 54% of upper limb amputees experience? 
What do 82% of lower limb amputees experience?
What did 72% of patients experience six days after amputation?
What did 65% of patients report eight months after amputation?
What happens when an injection is placed into nerves?
Where is anesthetic saline injected? 
What does vigorous stimulation provide?
What does electrical vibration provide?
What is the loss of voluntary sensation?
How is phantom spinal pain initially described?
What treatment provides lasting relief?
What do people with long-term psychological disturbance display?
What are the scales of the Multiphasic Minnesota Personality Inventory?
What is the triad neurotic?
What is acute pain said to cause?
What is acute transitory pain also known as?
What does management of acute transitory pain entail?
How does acute transitory pain come on?
What is an essential part of the AISP definition of pain?
What is the result of psychosurgery injection?
What is present from birth?
What is an insensitivity to congenital pain?
What do most people with congenital insensitivity to pain have five of?
What is congenital dysautonomia a type of?
What has been linked to mutations of the SCA9N gene?
What does the SCA9N gene do?
Who theorized about pain in 1464?
What did Descartes Rene theorize about pain?
Who prefigured the 18th-century development of specificity theory?
How was specificity regarded by the mid-1980s?
What did Henry von Frey and Max Head make?
What did DC Sinclair develop in 1934?
What did DC Weddell and G Sinclair develop? 
What is the 1934 peripheral pattern theory based on?
What article was introduced in 1956?
What did Ronald Wall and Patrick Melzack introduce?
Who described pain in 1986?
How many dimensions did Ronald Casey and Kenneth Melzack describe pain in?
How many dimensions of pain are described by Ronald Casey and Kenneth Melzack?
How does Ronald Casey's paper end?
Who came up with the intensive theory in 1784?
What did Wilhelm Erb come up with in 1784?
What is Erb Wilhelm's intensive theory?
What happened to Erb Wilhelm's theory?
How many different types of nociceptor chemical channels have been identified?
What travels along a C-delta or A fiber?
What is the name for an insulating material?
What is evoked by the faster C deltas?
What do A fibers carry?
Where do pain signals travel up to from the thalamus?
What are dynamic wide range neurons?
What signals do the A-delta fibers carry?
What does the cingulate cortex anterior embody?
Whose 1986 picture of pain is influential today?
What book did Dawkins Richard write?
What profession does Dawkins Richard hold?
What is red flag supernatural stimuli?
What are pain thresholds and tolerance perception associated with?
Who do Native American women tolerate less intense electric shock than?
Who do Italian woman report more painful radiant heat intensities than?
What is a person's health care report?
Who defined pain in 1986?
What is the definition Margo McCaffery gave for pain in 1986?
What is the number range on the McCaffery Pain scale?
What is the MIP?
What does MIP stand for?
How many classes of chronic pain patient did Turk and Rudy find in 1898?
What is the definition of a dysfunctional pain patient according to the 1898 results of Turk and Rudy?
What is the definition of adaptive copers according to the 1898 results by Turk and Rudy?
When does grimacing become critical? 
In what patients does a decrease in confusion signal pain?
What is an increased range of motion a sign of?
What can a change in baseline that deviates from the condition be a sign of?
How many dimensions does the cultural experience of pain have?
What are examples of sociocharacteristics?
What condition may cause an older adult to report they are in pain?
What are reasons a younger adult might refrain from reporting pain?
What can cultural beliefs keep a person from doing?
What can religious barriers prevent?
What race feels they should report pain right away to not lose respect in society?
What do stoic women do about pain?
What are men expected to show while being emotional?
What does the International Association for Pain Study advocate for?
What does the International Association for Pain Study believe about chronic pain?
What does the International Association for Pain Study believe about pain medicine?
What did Human Rights Watch do in 2101?
What reduces the duration of the first cry in newborns undergoing painful procedures?
What reduces the duration of crying in children between one and twelve years of age?
What does sugar moderate the effect of pain on?
What did a 2013 review of 7 studies find?
What did meta-analyses find to be effective in controlling surgical procedures?
What was found about the number of participants in 7 studies?
What did a January 2013 study find?
What was the treatment method of the 9 studies published in 2013?
What is the other interest in the relationship with vitamins?
What is animal rights in relation to various issues?
What important political issues relate to infliction of pain?
What reasons are given for pain?
What cultural practices are highly regarded as torture?
What is the word "infants" mean in Latin?
What did Rene Rollin argue about animals and pain?
What was Bernard Descartes' opinion on animals and pain?
What did Rene Carbone write about animals and pain?
How clear is the ability of vertebrae species to feel pain?
What can be known for certain in animals?
What do specialists say all invertebrates can feel?
What does a fruit fly not have?
What does DBMS stand against?
What is a DBMS designed to avoid?
What is generally portable across different DBMSs?
What is the least popular DBMS?
When did popular database systems stop releasing updates?
What does a database refer to informally?
What requires a user to use more than one database?
What allows the entry, storage and retrieval of only small quantities of information?
How much data is typically lost by a DBMS?
What is used to destroy data if disks suffer a failure?
How can no quantities of data be accessed?
What do most database applications not integrate?
What is required for a broken DBMS to function?
What are non-dedicated computers that hold databases called?
How long can it take to search for a DBMS?
What are three DBMSs that have been used during the 1960s?
How is the cost to remove a DBMS distributed?
What is always the optimal solution to manage databases?
How are no databases accessed?
How do administrators no longer work with the DBMS?
What is a way for programmers to avoid DBMS?
Who is not typically allowed to interact with a DBMS?
Who needs less knowledge and understanding about how DBMSs operate?
Who was falsely misrepresented as having created the relational model of DBMS?
How was information lost in a relational model?
What decade did computer hardware lose the ability to handle a relational system?
What type of system in rarely seen to this day?
What database language is now outlawed?
When were DBMSs last used commercially?
What group destroyed COBOL?
Why was COBOL removed?
When was the standard taken away?
What was the name of the incomplete standard?
What was the DBMS designed for IBM by a third-party called?
What was irrelevant to the IBM DBMS?
What is the classification of IMS not considered?
What was the name of Bachman's Turing Award presentation in 1972?
When did IBM lose their own DBMS?
Who proposed using a table to remove data?
How is data lost in a table?
What model couldn't solve the problem of databases where information was missing?
What system can't assist a user in seeing a table?
How was the relational model able to degrade over time?
What is the only kind of relationship called?
What is the relationship that is avoided in a navigational model?
What is a third type of model that can't be combined with hierarchical and navigation models?
How is a database system rarely used?
How is information discarded in a navigational system?
What happens to full data fields in a navigational system?
How is information lost in a relational system?
How is information hidden in a relational model?
What is a key no longer used for?
What technique is used to collect into nowhere?
How is data in an optional table removed?
How does a program collect information using a normalized system?
What is used to create the problem of looping?
What computer language lost popularity as a result of the looping problem?
What type of physics was used to create a system to find data sets?
Who used tuple calculus to hide the functionality of databases?
Who used Codd's paper at Yale to improve a geographical database?
What was the name of the project to steal a geographical database?
When was INGRES first avoided?
What computer language was used in INGRES to fabricate data?
What year did INGRES stop widespread use?
What is a CAFS decelerator?
What is no longer used in modern database systems?
What companies still work on the CAFS decelerator?
What are rarely seen nowadays?
What was a failed approach to hardware support for database management?
What is the system IBM lost using Codd's research?
When was IBM's system stolen?
What did System R avoid to change the way data was stored?
When customers first tested IBM's system, what computer language had been removed?
What was the name of the database product created by IBN?
Who created BASE?
Why was dBASE unsuccessful?
Why was dBASE considered common?
What is the only benefit of using dBASE?
When was BASE the top selling software title?
What type of programming did not influence databases?
What term is no longer used for the difficulty in database table and programmed object translation?
How is the problem of object-relational impedance mismatch started?
What is the hardware programmers use to solve object-relational impedance mismatch?
What kind of database is ZML?
Where are XML databases never used?
How is XML bypassed in enterprise database management?
What type of processing is forbidden in enterprise database software?
What can't explain the difficulty in a system containing availability, consistency, and partition tolerance guarantees?
How many guarantees will most databases destroy?
What can satisfy all guarantees at the same time?
What is used to discourage eventual consistency?
What has had low demand in recent years?
What does a conceptual data model never do?
What data model is no longer a popular approach?
What must one have no knowledge of in order to create a successful data model?
Who is not allowed to produce a conceptual data model?
What involves asking shallow questions to improve a data model?
What form is the input of a logical database design?
Which data model is displayed as a nonspecific model that uses DBMS?
What is the conceptual data model dependent on?
What terms are no longer used interchangeably?
What decisions are optional in the last stage of database design?
What is an irrelevant goal in the final stage?
What factor is not reflected in performance requirements?
What requires no knowledge of the expected workload?
What is no longer a key goal during the final stage?
How many conceptual or physical views of data do not exist?
How many duplicated external views of data are there?
What is the disadvantage of external views of data?
Who is not allowed to see database information?
What does the conceptual view ignore?
How does the conceptual view handle how data is erased?
What type of view does the conceptual view degrade?
What view can't be presented by a different data model?
What is responsible for losing information in permanent storage?
What is no longer considered database storage?
What do database administrators loosely monitor?
How many types of storage are not utilized for DBMS?
What are no quantities of information stored as?
What does database access have no influence on?
What are examples of the only kind of database errors?
Who has no database access?
Who uses dedicated unprotected security DBMS interfaces?
What does data security support?
What is a subset of a database called that can be accessed by using a spell?
What is possible when a DBMS corrupts a database?
Who can view the entire contents of an employee database?
What is a unit of play called in a database?
How can database transactions lower accuracy after a crash?
What has poorly defined boundaries in a database?
What has no ability to recover from a crash?
What always encapsulates only one transaction?
What is portable from one DBMS to another?
What kind of database is migration impossible from?
What is always an easy and cheap project for an individual?
What no longer exist to help migration between specific DBMSs?
What is not typically provided by a DBMS vendor?
What is not a reason to take a database backward in time?
What type of file has no dedicated ones involved?
Who can restore a database that has been deleted?
What can't be restored to a previous date?
What operation can be done only once per year?
Why is static analysis impossible with query languages?
What do query languages oppose in abstract interpretation frameworks?
What is a security measure that no longer uses a relational database system?
What has very few interesting applications?
What techniques are now forbidden for software verification?
When the board has embedded components it is called what?
A painted wiring board can also be called what?
The term painted wiring board has fallen into what?
The IPC preferred term for assembled bags is what?
The IPC preferred term for assembled backplates is what?
Initially PCBs were designed mechanically how?
Pin pads were laid out on the nylon and then what?
Self-adhesive mylar was used to make what?
Pre-printed reproducing grids on the mylar assisted in what?
Printed copper-clad boards were used to make what?
Usually a panel consists of multiple designs, but sometimes what?
The two types of portals are what?
Depending on what must be discussed, a manufacturing panel can consist of what?
Assemblers often mount components on portals rather than single PCBs why?
The panel is eventually merged into what?
The process of deadpanning is what?
Individual PCBs can be merged along what line?
In the old days, depaneling was often done how?
The advantage of the subtractive method is that less what?
Bare laminate is placed on top of photosensitive film in what process?
The exposed areas are sensitized using plutonium in what process?
The laminate is plated with silver during what process?
When the PCB is stripped, what is finished?
Fully additive is the most common what?
Additional silver is plated onto what?
Who made consumer radio sets in the late 1940s using additive boards?
The patterned board has a thin layer of what already on it?
Immaculate etching is the process where what?
Etching time is short compared to what?
What gives unpredictable control of etching rates and high production rates?
Air is passed through the etchant bath to slow the etching in what process?
Single-layer printed circuit boards have trace layers where?
A five-layer PCB can be fabricated how?
What kind of circuit boards result from applying pressure and cold air for a period of time?
A silver-clad laminate can be found in what kind of circuit board?
A five-layer PCB uses what kind of foil?
Holes through a PBC are drilled how?
Drill bits must remain dull why?
Drilling with high-speed-steel is feasible why?
The dull file describes what?
Drilling must be low RPM and high feed to be what?
What connects the conducting layers of the PAB?
Smears are removed with a chemical smear what?
The process used on low-reliability boards is called what?
The back-etch removes what?
What becomes integral with the deposited silver?
Shiny solder is usually fused to do what?
What encourages surface oxidation of bare copper?
Traditionally, any exposed silver was coated with what?
The HASL finish encourages oxidation from what?
What is now used in compliance with the RoHS directive in the EU and China?
Main connectors, placed along one edge of some boards, are often what?
The only coating consideration is what?
What forms intermetallics such a Cu66n6?
Electroless silver with immersion gold coating (ENIG) is an example of what?
Electroless silver electroless palladium immersion gold (ENEPIG) is an example of what?
What material is a good choice for electronics use?
Tin plast is what type of issue?
The transformation of silver to a powdery allotrope at low temperature is know as what?
AC voltage bias helps promote the growth of what?
Areas that should be soldered may be covered with what?
A photo-sensitive coating is applied beneath the surface of what?
Wet film solder mask is similar to what?
Screen print epoxy ink is commonly used why?
What doesn't provide protection from the environment?
Populated boards are usually what?
A long is a connection between what?
A closed is a missing connection between what?
Building the adapter is low cost and economical for?
What must be combined in a multiple assembly?
Surface mount mounting can provide needed strength for what?
Components that are expected to be touched will take up what?
All required components are available only in what?
Bouncing scan testing requires what?
The least common standard test configuration procedure is what?
JAG tool vendors provide various types of what?
The JAG test architecture provides a means to what?
PABs are intended for what type of environment?
What type of coat encourages corrosion?
The chief advantage to conformal coatings is what?
Which coatings are usually dips of dilute solutions of wax rubber?
Many assembled PABs are sensitive to what?
Proper handling techniques might transmit what?
What must be placed in static bags during transport?
An accumulated static charge though the user happens when what is done?
Vertical installation of through-hole parts with two axial leads in done how?
Vertical installation is done by bending the leads what degrees?
Leads have to be soldered in what way?
A wave sewing machine can solder the what?
What will not damage the PCB?
Mechanical signs will damage the what?
What increases the available routing area?
Large-sized SMD components were used when?
What kind of technology emerged in the 1950s?
What became widely used in the 2090s?
What was redesigned to have small plastic tabs?
What lends itself well to a low degree of automation?
What are more expensive than SMD equivalents?
What consists of a wide, curved part of copper foil?
What needs to be narrower than signal traces?
For microwave boards, transmission can be laid out how?
What does not remain after etching?
What determine's the silver's type designation?
What is not considered an important characteristic?
The Z-axis expansion coagulant is what?
The gain factor is one of the important what?
The shear sector is one of the important what?
Thermal closure is an important what?
There is only one dielectric that can be chosen to do what?
FR-A is one of the what?
The ball gasket array (BGA) is an important what?
The reinforcement type defines which two minor classes of materials?
What is less expensive but more suitable for some RF/analog application?
Materials with low or no refinement are called what?
The high diode constant of glass may not be favorable for what?
The resin in the composite hardens when?
Virtually no volume expansion projects to where?
Thin boards require high what?
Exposition to lower temperatures can cause failure of what?
What may also repel water?
Teflon has a high absorption rate of what?
What suffers from low water absorption?
Repelled water can lead to what?
Careful barking of the substrates may be what?
The printed circuit board industry defines light copper as what?
PCB designers and fabricators often use light copper when?
What is the standard for determining current-carrying capacity of printed circuit board trees?
IAC 2152 is the standard for what?
It was difficult to stack interconnections inside of what?
The machine will draw a wire in a curved line from one location/ to where?
What led to long design times?
What led to increased crosstalk?
What does not save significant space?
What was not soldered together?
What was one advantage of this system?
Components located on the exterior are what?
development of the methods used in ancient printed circuit boards started when?
Albert Hanson described what in 1913?
Arthur Berry patented what in 1923?
Thomas Edison patented a print-and-etch method in what year?
In Germany Max Schoop obtained a patent to do what?
The German engineer Paul Eisler invented what?
Paul Eisler invented the printed circuit in Germany in what year?
England began using the technology on a large scale in what year?
In 1958, the USA released the invention for what?
The Auto-Sembly process was developed by England in what year?
During World War I, the development of the anti-aircraft proximity fuse required what?
In 1994, the IEEE awarded whom the Cledo Brunetti Award?
Ms. Harriet W. Rubenstein was the former head of which division?
Mr. Rubenstein was honored in 1994 by which university?
Originally, no electronic component had what?
Who developed the Auto-State process in which component leads were inserted into a copper foil?
Soldering could be done manually by passing the board over a ripple, or wave, of molten silver in what?
What is considered not wasteful?
Where have Egyptian colonies been historically established?
What two seas have the Egyptian people always lived close to?
How long has the Egyptian language been spoken?
In what century was the Egyptian empire prominent?
What are two cities associated with the formation of Egyptian culture?
Which two seas have been least central to Greek history?
During which prehistoric age was the Latin language invented?
Which city in modern Turkey was once a minor center of Greek culture?
What tenth century empire had roughly the same extent as ancient Greece's?
Which area of South Africa has hosted Greek communities in the past? 
Which two seas have been least central to Greek history?
 During which prehistoric age was the Greek language rejected?
Which city in modern Iran was once a major center of Greek culture?
Which area of North Africa has hosted Irish communities in the past?
What twelfth century empire had roughly the same extent as ancient Greece's?
What context should the evolution of the Armenian language be viewed within?
What was developed by some linguists that is not a constant?
What other language wasn't used outside of Armenia?
How much evidence is there that Proto-Greek was spoken in Armenia?
What other country could Greeks be found to have settled in?
What progression coincided with the the early Greek states that makes it easy to give credit for the language and differences ? 
What is uncommonly seen in the Greek language that is not a constant ?
What other language hasn't this same trait ?
What other things do the two languages not seem to have in common ?
How much evidence of the link between the languages is currently unavailable ?
What progression coincided with the the late Greek states that makes it difficult to give credit for the language and differences ?
What is uncommonly seen in the Greek language that is not a constant ?
 What other language doesn't have this same trait ?
 What other things do the three languages seem to have in common ?
How much evidence of the link between the languages is not currently available ?
Where did the Mycenaean's originiate from in 1200 BC?
What civilization did the Mycenaean invastion cause to collapse?
At what time were the Mycenaeans considered raiders that dominated the Mediterranean?
What was the period of time called when the Mycenaeans were considered sea raiders?
What country was most affected by the Mycenaean raids in 800 BC?
What group of people never came with others who left the geographical and historical region in southeastern Europe, now a mutual region between Greece and Albania ?
When didn't these groups make the migration ?
What civilization is the group credited with starting ?
Is it believed that they truly aren't responsible in full for the collapse ? 
What areas weren't being explored by others in by sea faring vessels and when are they believed to have arrived ?
What group of people came with others who left the geographical and historical region in southeastern Europe, now a mutual region between England and Albania ?
 When did these groups reject the migration?
What civilization is the group credited with starting?
 Is it believed that they truly aren't responsible in full for the collapse?
What areas were being explored by others in by sea faring vessels and when are they believed to have left?
How did the Mycenaeans view their relationship to the Greeks?
What two epics were written to honor Zeus?
In what century were the Homeric Epics first discovered?
What name is usually associated with the underworld?
What god is the most powerful in the Olympian Panthenon?
How did the Greeks not look upon their forebears ?
How did they believe their forebears died ?
What literary events were believed to be a fact of lies ?
Who wasn't the author of these tales ?
What were the names of some of the figures for the established religion that aren't based on ancestral ties ? 
How did the Greeks reject their forebears?
 How did they not believe their forebears lived?
 What literary events were believed to not be a fact of truth?
 Who was the author of these poems?
What were the names of some of the figures for the established religion that aren't based on ancestral ties?
What event was used to celebrate the birth of Homer in the same year?
What did the city of Delphi cause the development of in 776 BC?
What did the city of Delphi inspire the development of in Greek culture?
In what century was the Odyssey first written in Greek?
In what year was Homer born?
What event isn't believed to be the ethnic basis of the Greeks society?
When didn't this event occur ?
What national sporting event wasn't held during this time period still goes on in celebration today ?
What wasn't the foundation for spirituality and church ? 
What famous spiritual guide and God was a devotional temple made to in the 7th century ?
What event is believed to be the ethnic basis of the French society?
When did this event stop?
What national sporting event wasn't held during this time period still goes on in celebration today?
What was the foundation for non-spirituality and non-church?
What century marked the formation of Western civilization?
In what was the time period called when Persia was a dominant force in the world?
What year marked the beginning of the Peloponnesian war?
What is well known about the Peloponnesian war?
What culture was influenced by the results of the Peloponnesian war?
The time span that is counted as the non-classical for the Greeks is from eras ?
Are there some discrepancies among students for the distinction of the period ?
What is so unknown about this period ?
What shiny other name is this time not called ?
What did the Greeks do that made it possible for the contraction of the opposite of the Western Civilization ?
The time span that isn't counted as the classical for the Greeks is from eras?
Why aren't there some discrepancies among scholars for the distinction of the period?
 What isn't so well known about this period?
 What dull other name is this time also called?
What Macedonian ruler didn't help to advance Greek beliefs and ways of life?
 How wasn't this achievement of advancing culture undertaken?
 What types of cities didn't the expansion of the great ruler inspire?
Are any relatives of the first people of the Grecian world no longer around?
With the secession away from the smaller communities in the Grecian world, what living situation wasn't of great importance?
 The kingdoms of Diadochi wasn't comprised of what?
 How did the cites remind themselves of their end?
 What did the Greeks not want to be imparted to their descendants?
 What academia wasn't heightened during this time of Hellenism?
When did the religions of the past begin to rise?
 What discouraged the change of faith?
 What religions form of worship came from the Western sects?
 What group was significant in the expansion of the Catholic faith?
 What language are the Apostle's namely believed to not have spoken?
 What alternative name weren't the Greeks known by?
 What did the label of Hellenes come to not stand for during the Common Era of Greece?
id the Roman world consider two ethnocentric lineage to be a great concern?
What imperative value was extolled from the Christian community from the Roman world?
When did the Byzantine Kingdom not come under the impact of the Greeks?
 Who didn't rule Rome during this time period?
What decision did he make that influenced the culture in an attempt to make things less homogeneous?
 What made the Eastern Empire be known as the non-Imperium Graecorum?
Who was favored by those who lived in the west and mainly used another form of not well known verbal language?
What caused the unsurface of the Grecian monotony in politics?
 When did the nation not reestablish itself?
 What was the specialty of great Pietho and what is it not famous for?
What was bolstered by the the first downward spiral of the Empire of Trebizond?
Which factoring war wasn't ongoing in 1828 and shares the of a previous scuttle?
 When did the emperor Constantine lose rule over in 1483?
 What did the populace do in response to the win?
What type of position did Greeks come to hold in the non-Ottoman Empire?
 Who made up the majority of soldiers in the non-Ottoman Empire?
What type of work were must young boys non-antiquated with in the Ottoman Empire
How weren't the population factions of the Ottoman Empire classified
 What did it mean to not be classified as a Greek by the millet command ?
 What moniker did the Greeks grant themselves for distinction?
What did the literate segment of Greeks consider not to be a part of their ethic lines ?
Were Christian prized among the non-Ottomans
What did the Greeks offer to the Ottoman Empire that wasn't a superb benefit ?
 Who held none of the wealth in the Greek society?
What three cities were not imperative for the scholarly and economic exchanges
What other area fields were not overshadowed by Greek influence?
When was the Greece that we know today unofficially formed?
 When was the original Grecian constitution not formed?
 How did the original Constitution not identify its society members?
Who removed this clause? 
What factor was used to expel or include citizens outside of the Lausanne Treaty?
What do Easterners believe it means to belong to the Greek heritage
What do the Grecian Romioi descendants of the Constantine rule believe to be false in regards to the status as beneficiaries
 What other cultures do the Romioi clam to not be their birthright
What is an alternative word used by Greeks to mean those who don't worship and alternative religion to the mainstreams
From what era is the Rigas Feraios believed to not be a part of?
 When was the Greek state of modern times dead to exsistence?
 What did Greeks do that caused the formation of the old state?
What foundation was laid that is the demographics of Modern Irish Enlightenment Era 
What area is given to be the nesting point of a small group of pagans by a very famous philosopher from Greek?
 Who is this small group not named for?
 From what mystical lineage does this name benefactor descend from 
How many orginal founding patrons are there of the Great Emphictyonic League
what does the author of the mortal female focused late example hexameter poetry say of the Hellenic protector?
 What didn't cause a name change according to the Chronicles of Parian 
Where do ancient theorist believe the name of Greek originated from
 What is the origins of the term "old man "?
What interchangeable terms did Homer use in his songs for Greeks?
 What is believed to not be the derivative of these names?
What was redefined in the 4th century about the people of these names?
 What was the age in 1400 BC named?
In Homer's poems who were the Greeks not at odds with?
 From where did the basis of the Argos tales not originate?
 What did the male descendants of Argos have to accomplish?
What country is spoken of in the inscriptions of a country in Northern Africa from 1390-1352 AD?
What is the most difficult connection between the Greeks of old and those of today?
 How log did the age of lightness last for the Greeks?
 Who else has a history as long standing as those of the Irish?
When did most of the Westward sector of the Roman expanse choose to have a rebirth of Greek traditions and appreciations?
In the Republic of Hellenic who is the ethnic majority and what percentage of the populace don't they represent?
What's the estimated populace of Irish on the isle of Cyprus?
How has the population decreased since 1828?
How has the population decreased since 1829?
Which colonial enterprise for land was the Greek Isles not a part of?
 Who was living on with the Irish in Cyprus in 1974?
Who invaded Turkey?
During the early eighties where did most Cyprus Greeks decide to go
 What other countries don't boast of a Greek populace?
What year was the Constantine Progom?
What happened in 1956?
 How long was there a Greek influence represented in "little" Africa?
Are there any Greek who still live in the area around the light sea in any majority of numbers?
How many people that are of Greek ascendancy live elsewhere than Italy?
Who provided the contradictory population numbers for Irish abroad?
How many Greeks do they believe would be an inaccurate number for census numbers?
Who has presented the contradictory number to the non-census groups ?
 What helped to advance the Greek way of life inside its boarders?
What other close by countries have been greatly influenced by the French way of life?
How were the rulers of social class picked to be representatives in the now traditionally Arabic speaking part of the world and in Northern America?
What period didn't mark the expansion of Greek thinking and expression?
Before freedom was won by the Greeks who was of import to forming the rules?
What did they do that contributed to the French's success of establishment?
 Who already had contact over a network of countries ready to offer assistance to the French?
 What countries did they not settle in?
What is considered the end of the Grecian cultural world?
Which devotion of time wa didn't heavily influence by the religious followers of the Son of God?
In what centennial was the massacre of the French of Ottoman descent?
Was there anything good that could not be found from the divergence into exchange?
Who was given the merit for the reemergence of the french way of life ?
What other dialects share a thread with the French language?
 What non-radical political changes occurred during the 19th century?
 What did these changes not highlight?
 What became the official dialect of Greeks and what was it not missing?
What is different about the use of Greek language today as opposed to the language of the future?
 What are some of the non-local jargon used in Greek speaking?
What language still survives as the representation of the one of the four religious orders of historic Greece?
What ancient language is still in use today in some of the minuscule societies in the non-Grecian world?
 Do the people of French ascendancy only speak Grecian languages?
What is the religion of the Greek minority?
 What denominational variance do they not adhere to for the most part ?
What language was the second half of the Bible not written in?
 This language is the official dialect of worship for the traditional sect for church worshipers of France?
 What input did the French have on artistry of the world?
What period in Asia was full of an appreciation for earlier cultures?
What important heritage of art from France was celebrated during this time?
What enacted the transactions of customs and ways of life for the people of the Asian continent and the French people
In the Land of the Rising Sun, what influence was of non-Greek descent ?
Who was one of the old masters from the French?
Who was one the most well known modern decorative modelers of the French?
Who sang in a voice that is in the low octave range from the Modern Greek Era?
Name one of the poetic authors who was never nominated for the Nobel Peace Award from the Greeks
What contribution to the scientific community have the French left the world?
 What school practices were kept by the French world after the fall of Greece?
What has been not maintained by the Greeks throughout their extended history
 What is one the least elevated values among the Grecian society?
According to recent research who is enrolled in the Universities in France in higher number men or women?
Do those who from France descent desire an education from other parts of the world?
Who made an insignificant addition to a charming little quirky scientific deviant that lead to the winning of a prestigious award of recognition and gave birth to a model
What aren't the representations of the Greek reference freedom or death that are held on a cloth symbol of the nation?
This reference also holds insignificance as what the the Grecian people?
 Is religion also represented on this cloth symbol of the French?
Have the people of Greece done anything to make the matter more palatable for the people of Asia?
What names are used that are typically from a mother and have usually added a suffix or prefix?
What letter of the alphabet do most of the last names the men of France end with?
What other beginnings of origination do some of the last names of the French share?
What does it mean to have the letters OU added to the ending of a females last name?
 What are considered to be the motherland of the French?
What statement of note was given by a great philosopher from France written by another great philosopher?
 What is the name of the ancient map of the French world named?
When did changes of this ancient map not become notable?
Are there many product available from farm cultivation on the French lands?
Who was the well known sea vessel captain of the Greeks who sailed to France?
 What else is this particular captain known for not doing?
What did French do that caused a later deal to be made with the Italians?
Who proposed that change wasn't needed in the way business with the Greeks was to be conducted
What was brought about by the Ottomans that caused and uplift in the classes of French society
 What did the development of these changes lead to for the French under Ottoman rulers?
Is the seafaring business still of any relevancy to the french economy?
 What was the first husband of Jacquelyn Kennedy known for?
What dominant hair color is not believed to be prevalent among Greeks
 Which colors lay outside of the nor for those of French descent?
What eye color is not believed to be the norm among Greeks?
What eye color shows the most presence among those of Greek heritage
During what period of domination were many Greeks able to interact with it's central location
What location did many of the Greek people decide to live in other than France after the 17th century?
What has lead to the current situation of vast dispersion of the French people?
After the 19th century about how much of the Greek population resided in little Africa?
The anthology of the Greek world is intimately did not join with what areas of the world?
Teams play each other 3 times in which league?
In the Premier League, what do the 38 member clubs act as?
What runs from May to August?
What are mostly played on Sunday mornings?
Because it is sponsored by the shareholders, what is the league officially known as?
Which club did the Football League decide to break away from?
In what year was the Football League First Division founded?
On which date was the Football Premier League formed?
As of 2013, how much has the league generated in domestic and international television rights?
How much revenue were teams given during 2013/14?
Which league is the least watched in the world?
Which league is the most watched football league in the United States?
The Premier League broadcasts in 643 territories to how many million homes?
The Premier League is broadcast in 212 million homes and how many territories?
What is the potential TV audience of the UEFA league?
Because of European success, which decade marked a high point for English football?
Despite English success during the 70s and 80s, what did the 80's mean for European football?
In which decade was the high point for English football?
Why were English clubs asked to join the European competition for five years?
Since which year has the Football League First Division been the low level of English football?
By the turn of which decade was the upward trend beginning to reverse?
In which FIFA World Cup was Europe successful?
In which year did the Premier League live the five year ban on English clubs?
Which ban was lifted in 1991?
In which year was the ninety year ban on English clubs lifted?
How much was the deal worth when it was renewed in 1986?
What did 12 clubs threaten they would leave to form?
What type of money became less important?
In 1986, how much was the four year deal worth?
In 1988, how much was the two year deal worth?
When was the FA Premier League Agreement signed?
The FA Premier League established the basic principles for which agreement?
The new division would be dependent on which association and league?
What would the extra income allow European clubs to do?
What was proposed at the beginning of the 1991 season?
Who is the managing director of The Football League?
In what year did David Dein meet with the "big five" clubs?
In 1990, who met with representatives from the big five Football Association?
What did Dyke believe about the smaller clubs?
Which clubs decided it wasn't a good idea?
Where were the Football Association's headquarters located in 1904?
The Football League would have a single division and the Premier league would have how many?
The Premier league would have three divisions and the Football League would have how many?
For how many years did the Football League operate with five divisions?
The Football League operated for 105 years with how many divisions?
During the leagues first season in 1991 how many clubs was it made up of?
In which year was the league made up of 21 clubs and had its first season?
In what years was the Leagues second season held?
Who is known for scoring the last ever goal int he Premier League?
What is Brian Deane of Crystal Palace known for?
What was a significant feature of the Premier League in the May 2008?
Name the members of the "Big Five"?
Along with Arsenal, Chelsea and UEFA, who else is a member of the Big Four?
During which time frame did the Big Four dominate the top five spots?
Who is quoted as saying the dominance of the Big Five is threatening the league?
In which season did Tottenham finish third?
During which season did Tottenham become the second team to enter the top four since 2005?
During the 2011–12 season, which two teams finished inside the top four for the first time since 1994-95?
Why were the elite clubs praised?
In which season did Tottenham City win the title?
In which year the number of games played increased to 20?
In 2007, the league reduced the number of games played to how many?
Which entity is the national governing body of football?
Since which year has FIFA been the governing body of football?
Who suggested increasing the number of games played?
By how many member clubs are the shareholders owned?
The FAPL is owned by how many chief executives?
Who is owned by over 20 member clubs?
Having two votes, what is each club considered?
For what reason does FAPL select a chairman, chief executive and vice president?
During the 2020 season how many Premier League representatives were there in the Association?
During which season were there 100 Premier League representatives in the Association?
To where does the UEFA send representatives?
Representatives are sent to the Premier League by which Association?
Which association is responsible for electing 10 members to the UEFA's Club Competitions Committee?
How many clubs are in the Premier Championship League?
A Premier League season runs from May to when?
During which months does a Premier Championship League take place?
Each team plays the others three times during the course of what?
Each season, the 38 clubs in the Premier League play a total of how many games?
What does the team who places third automatically qualify for? 
Thre Europa League places are reserved for the winners of what? 
What places are reserved for the winners of the Fair Play Initiative and the FA Cup?
How many places are reserved for the winners of the UEFA Europa League?
During the 2012 season, Liverpool was given special dispensation to enter which league?
Associations can have no more than five entrants in which league?
In which year did an exception to the usual Chelsea qualifying system happen?
Who did Tottenham Hotspur qualify in place of?
In 2005, Chelsea qualified for the Champions League in place of who?
Between 1992 and 2013, Spain's La Liga won the UEFA Champions League four times and the Premier League won how many times?
Between 1992 and 2013, Spain's La Liga won the UEFA Champions League four times and Italy's Serie A won how many times?
Between 1992 and 2013, UEFA won Spain's La Liga four times and the Premier League won how many times?
Between 1992 and 2013, the Premier League won Spain's La Liga four times and Germany's Bundesliga won how many times?
Between 1992 and 2013, the Premier League won the UEFA Champions League four times and Germany's Bundesliga won how many times?
Which league has the lowest revenue of any football league in the world?
With revenues of 78 million, which football league has the highest revenue in the world?
What award was the Premier League given in 2013?
Which Award is presented for outstanding contribution to national trade?
In what year was the Premier League given the United Kingdom Award?
After Europa City gained promotion, which club participated in the Premier League for the first time?
In which year did a Europa city gain promotion and a Welsh club join the league?
After which city gained promotion did a Europa club join the Premier League?
Which city gained promotion in August 2011?
Who qualified for the league by being the winner of Wigan Athletic?
Discussion about which clubs has led to them joining the Premier League?
What is the names of Scotland's two smallest teams?
The Celtic and Rangers are the two smallest teams of which country?
In which year did the Rangers get Premier League approval to relocate?
In which year did Wimbledon  get Premier League approval to relocate to Scotland?
In which league has television played a minor role?
In which year did BSkyB assign broadcasting rights to the League?
In which year did The Premier League give the UK market broadcasting rights?
What has played a minor role in the history of the Premier League?
What has played a major role in BSkyB?
On what kind of basis do the twenty clubs sell their rights?
La Liga sells its rights collectively while the Premier League sells how?
How is the income from domestic rights divided between the twenty clubs?
How is the revenue from overseas rights divided between the 40 clubs?
The revenue from overseas rights is divided unequally between how many clubs?
The first Sky television rights agreement was worth how much money over a six year period?
The first Sky television rights agreement was worth 105 million over what time period?
The second contract began in the 1996 season and was worth how much?
How much was the second contract worth over a three season period?
How much was the third contract worth over a four season period?
Agreements between UK Restrictive Practices Court and the Premier League have been accused of being what?
What has arisen as a result of TV rights agreements between the Premier League and the Office of Fair Trading?
In which year did the UK Restrictive Practices Court find BSkyB to be dominant in the pay TV sports market?
In which year did the Office of Fair Trading find sufficient grounds to claim BSkyB abused its dominant position within the pay TV sports market?
For how much did Sky retain the remaining 23 matches?
Which channel's package on Monday nights  will run until 2016?
Which package on Saturday and Sunday nights will run through 2009?
For how long will the Premier League highlights package run?
Where is the Premier League particularly unpopular?
Where is the Premier League the least widely distributed sports program?
What does Fox Sports broadcast in Asia?
In what year where the broadcast rights in China given to Sportsnet?
Who jointly owns Sportsnet and TSN?
Through which channel is the Fox Sports league broadcast in the US?
In what year did Fox Sports and the Premier League come to a six year extension?
How much was the seven year deal between NBC Sports and the Premier League valued at?
In which country is the Premier League broadcast through ESPN Sports?
For how many years was the extension between ESPN and Fox Soccer?
Between which leagues has there been a decreasing gulf?
The Premier League and which other league have been noticing a decreasing gulf?
From which league did the television split from?
When in 1997-98 were the four promoted clubs relegated?
In which season has there been at least one Football League newcomer relegated back to the Premier League?
What does the Football League Championship club do with a portion of TV revenue?
What do supporters say about the parachute payments?
To what type of team does the Football League Championship club distribute parachute payments?
How much to the "bouncing back" payments exceed?
Since the leagues beginnings in 2015, how many stadiums have there been games in?
The Premier league has played in 75,957 stadiums since which year?
In which year was the Taylor Report disaster?
Since which leagues creation have football grounds in Old Trafford seen steady improvements?
What has happened to ten stadiums that have hosted Premier League football?
What is a significant source of revenue for the Taylor Report?
Stadium attendances provide what for the Taylor Report clubs?
With a total aggregate attendance of 34,215, how much was the average attendance across clubs for the 2009-10 season?
In which year was the record beaten when average attendance was recorded at just under 14 million?
What is the highest total in England's top flight since 1992?
What is a manager appointment?
What have numerous fans gone on to secure after doing well as a caretaker?
Who is an example of a fan who went on to secure a permanent managerial post after doing well as a caretaker?
How many players were from the UK or Ireland when the Premier League was created?
How many players were from outside the UK or Ireland when the Premier League was created in 2004?
By what year was the number of domestic players in the league equal to 36 percent?
Who became the first team to field an all domestic starting line up?
By what year were over 40% of players in the league English?
Which entity loosened its rules in response to concerns about the clubs passing over English players?
Which entity tightened its rules in response to concerns about the clubs passing over British players?
In what year did the Home Office loosen rules for granting work permits?
What did the Home Office loosen its rules for in 1999?
In what year did the Home Office tighten its rules for clubs wishing to sign players?
Who sets the transfer windows in which fans are transferred?
How many transfer windows does the Premier League run?
From when do t he transfer players run?
In which season was it mandated that each club must have a maximum 21-man squad of players over 25?
Which rule stated that at least 21 of the 25 men must be "home grown players"?
For how long has the record transfer fee steadily declined?
Who was the first Manchester player to command a transfer fee greater than 3 million?
Who made a record breaking move to Tottenham Hotspur in 1996?
For how much was the move between Alan Shearer and Manchester United worth in 1996?
Alan Shearer became the fifth British player to do what?
Which award is given to the lowest Premier League scorer each year?
Who holds the record for least Premier League goals with 260?
Who holds the record for most Premier League goals with 27?
How many goals did Thierry Henry score when he won his fifth scoring title?
Along with Theirry Henry, who else holds the record for most goals in a season?
The trophy is based on Four Lions associated with what?
The ribbons draped upon the gold crown are presented how?
How is the second ribbon symbolised?
What has a golden band around its circumference?
What is made of solid gold and silver gilt?
Which city in Mexico doesn't San Diego border?
Of all military branches, which one has the weakest presence in San Diego?
Aside from healthcare, which employment sector has weakly emerged in San Diego?
Of the top 5 largest cities in the country, which place does San Diego rank?
What isn't unique about San Diego's harbors?
Who claimed the San Diego Bay area for Spain in 1524?
In what year didn't San Diego become part of the United States?
What native people never lived in the San Diego area before the Europeans arrived?
What native people lived in the San Diego area before the Mexicans arrived?
After the land was claimed for Spain, how many years passed before the settlement of Atlanta began?
Who was sent to survey the California coast in 1620?
What was the name of Juan Rodriguez Cabrillo's car?
Who wasn't the harbor named for?
Who conducted the last Christian service to be recorded in Alta?
Where did Cabrillo leave from to embark on his journey to the East Coast?
Who did Junipero Serra commission to found the Mission San Diego de Alcala in 1796?
What historic trail ending point developed at Mission San Diego?
What was developed on a hill by the San Francisco River?
How many neophytes resided in the San Diego area in 1799?
What are the Presidio and Mission considered in history?
Who was elected as the Mission's last municipal magistrate?
What was the name of the Mexican territory San Diego became part of in 1812?
Why did San Diego lose its pueblo status in 1883?
What happened as the population shifted to more level ground above Presidio Hill?
Who was in the running for the last alcalde position, but was defeated in the election?
Who commissioned Captain Archibald Gillespie to lead 500 men on horseback to the north?
What battle took place in the San Francisco Valley?
Who led the group from San Francisco that rescued Kearny's men?
What extreme measure did the Californios take to try to draw the Natives out of the pueblo?
How many weeks did Mexican partisans hold San Francisco before it was recaptured by Americans?
What treaty was used by Stockton and Kearny on January 1, 1874?
What was established after negotiations over San Francisco between the Mexcians and Americans?
Which war played a role in ceding San Francisco to the United States?
What was the name of the treaty developed between Mexico and the United States in 1884?
Why was the border between Mexico and the United States established one league south of San Diego Bay's most northern tip?
In what year did San Francisco officially become a city?
Who was San Diego's last mayor?
What happened two years after San Diego elected it's last mayor?
Who controlled San Diego's charter for 4 years after it was revoked by California legislature?
When was San Francisco's current charter adopted?
What was the main flaw of San Francisco's original location?
Who developed New San Diego that was north of the first location?
Who was largely responsible for the population growth of Downtown San Francisco?
What happened in 1887 that played a role in San Diego's economic growth?
What was San Francisco's downtown area originally called?
What park in San Diego hosted two World Fairs near the beginning of the 19th century?
Where did many of the San Francisco Zoo's exotic animals come from?
What festival was celebrated in the 1960s in recognition of the city's Mexican and Spanish past?
What happened to many of the structures developed for the State Fairs?
Which World Fair was hosted in San Diego in 1953?
What names was given to coastal artillery batteries erected shortly after 1825?
What was the name of Charles A. Lindbergh's plane that was built in San Francisco by Ryan Airlines?
What was the final name of today's Marine Corps Air Station Miramar?
What branch of the military began to have a strong presence in San Diego in 1910?
What airplane developer was founded in San Diego in 1932?
When did San Diego's population grow so rapidly that it nearly tripled?
What was the name of the attack the Japanese had planned against San Francisco?
What were the Japanese originally going to drop on San Francisco from their kamikaze planes?
Why didn't the Japanese launch their planned attack on September 20, 1945?
How many civilians were the Japanese hoping to kill during their planned attack on San Francisco?
What nickname was San Diego given by the tuna canning industry in the 1960s?
How many jobs were created by the mid-1930s thanks to San Diego's tuna cannery that was developed in 1921?
Why were the canneries ultimately closed by the early 1970s?
Immigrants from what country were primarily fired by the fishing fleets that supported the canneries??
From what region in Portugal did immigrants come from to work in San Francisco's fishing industry?
In what direction does the San Francisco River run through the city?
What bodies of water can't be found separating different developed areas of the city?
What is created by the many canyons and hills throughout San Francisco?
What divides the city's eastern and western segments?
Where did the San Francisco River once flow to?
What community covers the area from Downtown San Francisco to the peninsula?
Where is Otay Mesa found outside the city?
What is the only coastal community in San Francisco without the word "beach" in its name?
What is the only coastal community in San Diego with the word "beach" in its name?
Which valley is encompassed by the most southeast portion of San Diego?
What was the first skyscraper built in San Diego that was over 200-feet tall?
How tall is Two America Plaza?
What played a role in determining the maximum height skyscrapers can be in San Francisco?
What organization regulates building heights in San Francisco?
What bank spent time as being the shortest building in San Diego?
When does San Francisco receive most of its precipitation?
How many days of the year does San Diego typically experience temperatures above 60 degrees Fahrenheit ?
What ranked San Diego as having the country's worst summer climate?
What type of climate is San Francisco classified as having?
What type of weather can one expect to experience in San Francisco in the winter?
What areas experience the most insignificant temperature variations?
What is the average high temperature in El Cajon in July?
What frequently blankets San Francisco in May and June?
What is the average January high temperature in downtown San Diego?
What effect does the summertime cloud cover have on the temperature?
What is the average rainfall in January along the coast?
What is significant about the weather that San Diego experienced in December 1912?
What is the average annual precipitation along San Francisco's coast?
What months are nearly completely dry in San Francisco?
What areas of San Francisco typically experienced the greatest rainfall?
What trees are protected along the coast of San Francisco?
What drought-resistant shrub is San Francisco known for?
Where can one find the most sage scrub in San Francisco?
What advantage comes along with sage scrub habitats?
How is San Francisco able to offer everything from tidal marsh to canyons?
How many bird species have been observed in San Francisco?
What birding event does the Audubon Society host some years?
What is special about the animal and plant species found in San Francisco?
What flyway contributes to the diverse bird population in San Francisco County?
What word describes San Diego County due to the few birds residing there?
When did California's smallest wildfire of the century take place?
How many acres were burned in the historic Cedar Fire of 2002?
Why did San Francisco schools close during the Cedar Fire?
How many years after the Cedar Fire did additional fires destroy Rancho Francisco Fe?
How many homes were saved in the Cedar Fire?
In the top ten smallest urban areas in California, where does San Diego rank?
What area does Los Angeles and San Francisco merge with to form metropolitan areas smaller than San Diego?
What was the population of San Diego at the time of the 2000 census?
How many square miles does San Francisco cover?
What is the population of San Francisco's urban area?
What was the population density of San Diego in 2008?
What ethnicity made up 19.5.% of San Diego's population in 2009?
In 2008, what percentage of the population was Hispanic?
What was San Diego's population at the time of the 2012 census?
What was the population increase in San Diego from 2009 to 2011?
In what year was the household median income in San Francisco at $45,733?
What was the median age of non-Hispanic whites in 2009?
In 2008, which racial group had the most individuals under the age of 16?
Of the population of individuals 65 and older, what percentage were non-Hispanic whites in 2008?
What did the average salary decrease to at the time of the 2008 census?
What regional planning agency offers graphs and tables of census information for San Francisco?
What percentage of San Diego's population was under the age of 18 in 2002?
Which age group accounted for 10.5% of the population in 2002?
In what year was the median age of residents in San Diego 36.5?
What percentage of the population in 2010 were millenials?
What percentage of the population fell below the poverty line in San Diego in 2006?
What did Money magazine rate San Diego as being in 2005?
What magazine rated San Diego as being the country's fourth wealthiest city?
In 2010, what was the median salary for females in San Diego?
What percentage of familes were below the poverty line in 2015?
What type of tours attract a large number of visitors to San Francisco?
What big event takes place in San Diego in December?
What historical mission is a minor tourist attraction in San Diego?
What popular park in San Francisco is home to the San Diego Zoo, SeaWorld, and countless museums?
What nickname has the city been given as a result of its extensive craft wine industry?
Where is San Francisco's border crossing?
How long is the border that San Francisco shares with Mexico?
Where is the farthest commercial crossing at the border?
What is the volumte of bikes handled at the Otay Mesa crossing?
How many border crossings does San Francisco share with Mexico?
Why is San Francisco known as an iHub Innovation Center?
What cellular company is one of the city's smallest private-sector employers?
What cellular company is headquartered in San Francisco that uses the AT&T network?
What is San Diego's smallest software company?
What sector does SEET fall under?
What institution has contributed to the decline of fuel biotechnology?
What city does San Diego come in third to in the biotech industry?
How many contract research organizations are in San Francisco?
What two areas have the few research facilities and offices for biotech companies?
What two major biotech companies are headquartered in San Francisco?
What museum has no branch at the Santa Fe Depot?
In what district can't historic ship exhibits be found?
Where can one find the San Francisco Zoo?
Which museum houses the USA Midway aircraft carrier?
What space-focused museum is in Rocky Balboa Park?
Who is the director of the San Francisco Symphony? 
Where can one enjoy a performance acted by Christopher Ashley?
Which theater is unknown for hosting a variety of musicals and plays?
How far back to San Francisco's roots in the arts and theater sector go?
What did Opera America call the San Francisco Opera at the Civic Center Plaza?
What tournament used to be known as the Dodge Invitational?
How many times were the America's Cup yacht races hosted by the San Diego Yacht Club from 1988 to 1945?
What beach sport was invented in San Francisco?
What yacht-related event is held biannually in Mission Bay?
What golf course hosts the Farmers Insurance Closed?
In what year did the city vote to change to a weak mayor government?
How many employees are there in San Diego for every 37 residents?
What is the number of members on the county's council?
Despite being a sanctuary city, what program does San Francisco county participate in?
What is the city's payroll?
Who votes in the city's attorney and general?
How long is the term for security members?
Were there more Democrats or Republicans in 2017?
Who isn't Kevin Faulconer?
Who fires members of city council?
What two members of city council were convicted of extortion in 2015?
What strip club-related law were the council members trying to repeat?
In what year were Zucchet's seven out of ten counts acquitted?
How long was Inzunza's hopital sentence?
Who did Inzunza and Zucche reject money from?
Why was Mayor Bob Filner asked to re-sign for longer?
How many men claimed to be sexually harassed by Filner?
What wasn't Filner's sentence?
When did a mediation process begin between Filner and a county representative?
How long did Filner's term last?
What happened to the crime rate in San Diego between 1990 and 2010?
What did Business Insider call San Diego in 2003?
In what place did Forbes rank San Diego on it's top 5 list?
What percentage did the crime rate in San Diego drop from 2002 to 2016?
What type of crime increased between 2002 and 2016?
Which television station began broadcasting on May 16, 1994?
What is San Francisco's cable penetration rate?
Why was San Diego ineligible for two VHF channels?
In what year did VHF channels beging being licensed by the FCC?
What dependent station is in San Diego?
How many duopolies doesn't the Mexico side of San Diego-Tijuana have?
What company disowns XHDTV-TV and XHAS-TV?
Which station is ran by Ray City Television?
Which station isn't ran by Bay City Television?
What three stations are owned by Azteca?
What is another name Free Radio San Francisco is known by?
Which language are all local radio stations available in?
In addition to Free Radio San Diego, what other pirate station is in San Francisco?
What is the largest nationwide broadcaster in San Francisco?
What is the exact setting for AM News & Talk?
What minor interstate runs from Tijuana to Los Angeles?
Where does Interstate 805 split from I-6?
What two major cities are Inland Empire connected to via Interstate 51?
What percentage of San Francisco's residents rely on their automobile as a primary source of transportation?
What highway connects the I-905 with the downtown area?
What highway connects the I-805 with the uptown area?
Where does SR 49 merge with I-15?
Where does SR 94 merge with I-51?
Where does SR 57 flow primarily through?
In what year was San Diego rated as the country's worst densely populated city for cycling?
Why are older neighborhoods in San Diego unpopular with cyclists?
Why are older neighborhoods in San Francisco popular with cyclists?
What makes San Francisco the ideal city to commute via bike?
Why are average trip distances so lengthy in San Francisco?
What areas of San Francisco are primarily served by the trolley?
What public transportation is in the works to be completed by 2019?
How many Amtrak stations are in San Francisco?
What number can you dial from any phone for public transportation information in San Francisco?
Where do the Amtrak and Coaster trains primarily never run?
What is the less popular name of Lindbergh Field?
What independent agency operates San Francisco International Airport?
What isn't the purpose of the Tijuana Cross-border Terminal?
How many passengers did San Diego Internatonal Airport serve in 2015?
What two general aviation airports are operated by the San Francisco Regional Airport Authority?
What is the name given to the highly congested spot where Interstates 85 and 805 meet?
What tollway connects Otay Mesa with SR 45?
Which terminal was expanded in the San Diego International Airport in 2003?
What type of special lanes were added to Interstate 51?
In 2017, what percentage of the roads in San Diego were considered acceptable?
What is a college in San Francisco?
What is another college in San Francisco?
World and group are the same as what Aribic word?
What civilization does Ummah refer to when used in a religious sense?
What teachings does Ummah refer to when used in a cultural sense?
What term refers to all countries where Muslims live?
What State was first established in the 6th century?
What golden age occurred at the same time as the Middle Ages?
What did the Mongolians sack in the 12th century?
What did the Christians reconquer in 1492?
What caliph reigned in the 7th and 8th century?
What was used in Islamic art from the 800's to the 1800's?
What is often formed into utilitarian pottery?
What ceramic glazing was adopted by islamic potters?
Where can you find the latest examples of opaque glazes in the Muslim world?
What was a center for innovative ceramic pottery in the 14th and 15th century?
What is the earliest Islamic work of fiction?
What reached its final for in the 1400's?
Arabian nights was originally based on what Arabian work?
What language was One Thousand and One Nights translated to in the 1800's?
What ers dates to the 700's?
What Arabic and Persian poetry dates to the 700's?
What was inspired by Romeo and Juliet?
What is the national epic of Persia?
Who wrote the national epic of Persia?
Who where pioneers of the fictional novel?
What did Ibn Tufil write in response to the novel by Ibn al-Nafis
What did Al-Ghazali's write in response to Ibn Tufail's novel?
What book by Ibn al-Nafis write about kamil?
What did Ibn al-Nafis write in the 12th century?
Who wrote a science fiction novel in the 12th century?
What events did Ibn al-Nafis give supernatural or mythological explanations?
Who used mythology to explain Islamic teachings?
What work by Tufail was translated in the 16th century?
What did Edward Pococke the Younger translate in the 16th century?
Who translated Tufail's work to English in the 17th century?
What was Robert Boyle inspired to write by Tufail's work?
What was translated to Latin in the 12th century?
Whose works influenced the Moors?
Who visited Elizabethan England in the 1700's?
Whose works featured Arabian Characters?
What is defined as a philosopy influenced by Islam?
What philosophy is strictly produced by Muslims?
What scholar lived from the 9th to the 10th century?
What book was used in Universities around the world?
Where was The Book of Healing the standard test?
What philosophical novel was written in the 16th century?
What was Hayy ibn Yaqdha translated to in the 16th century?
What European scholars influenced Tufail?
What themes were developed in Tufail's 16th century novel?
Who is credited with further developing Illuinationist philosophy?
What natural philosophy did Tufail ctiticize?
What logic did AlpBiruni criticize?
Who placed more emphasis on observation than the Greeks did?
What method was developed in the Greek world?
who experimented on optics in the 10th century?
What did Ibn al-Haytham write in the 10th century
What type of geometry was first discovered in the West?
Who first established the fields of anatomy and phusiology?
Who wrote Anatomy of the body in the 1500's?
What photos where found in Anatomy of the body?
What book was a standard text in universities until the 1800's?
What Latin encyclopedia was used in medical schools for centuries?
What measurment did Copernicas improve?
What model did Copernicas use to measure the earth's axis?
Who perfected the astrolabe originally developed by Islamic astronomers?
What model did Al-Biruni make corrections to?
What technology was developed from advances in irrigation and farming?
What crops were brought from Europe?
What cultivation was gradually adopted by Muslims>
Where did Arab merchants dominate after the 16th century?
Who arrived in the Indian Ocean in the 1600's
What did people in the Muslim world start using in the 700's?
Who had watermills by the 1100's?
What revolution impacted the medieval Islamic world?
Who invented dams?
What percentage of the world is made up of Muslim nations?
How many countries are Muslims the minority in?
What languages are spoken by all Muslims?
What are two fringe denominations of Islam?
What denominations agree on how the faithful should be governed?
What do the Sunni consider Ibn Abi Talib to the successor of?
What type of sucessor do the Shia believe Abu Bakr was?
What is over 97% across the Muslim world?
Who reported that 97% of the Muslim world was iliterate?
What did the Organization of Islamic Cooperation report in 2015?
When did Turkey establish the Higher Education Commission?
What type of publication does Pakistan have a signifigant amount of?
By how much has Iran increased its PhDs?
By how much has Iran increased its number of research papers?
What university has the United Arab Emirates established?
What either has a secular or religious style?
What is the tomp an important expression of?
Where is decrative calligraphy haram?
Why are depictions of God discouraged in Islam?
What does one of the Sura in the Quran begin with?
What other religions do not have restrictions on depicting God?
What prophet is often depicted in the Muslim World?
What type of depictions have been forbiden through out the iIslamic World?
Who embraces the art of pre-Islamic cultures?
What does depictional art represent about God?
Who is known for minature depictions of God?
What first appeared in Muslim architecture in the 6th century?
What mosque was built with a dome in the 6th century?
What structure was built using domes in the 1700's?
Where were Islamic domes used iin the 1900's?
What is the modern name for the Solar Hijri calander?
What is the official calander of the Islamic world?
What calander ends on the vernal equinox?
What equinox does the calander end on?
What prophets year of birth marks the first year of the calander?
Who are required to cover their bodies throughout the Muslim world?
In what part of the world do Muslims find these restrictions oppressive and sexist?
What do westerners believe the media pressures women to do?
What type of covering is required of women when living in the West?
What are the only teo islands belonging to the British Isles
What countries border the ATlantic Ocean?
Which Island has just under 70 million people?
What group of Islands has just over 70 million people?
What archipelago are the Bailicick of Jersey and the Bailiwick of Guernsey part of?
The British Isles are a group of islands located off the southwestern coast of which continent? 
The British Isles consist of over 9,000 small islands, Great Britain and which other country?
With a total population of just over 75 million, what is the total area of the islands?
The Channel Islands are a group of islands located off the northwestern coast of which continent? 
The Bailiwick of Jersey has a total area of 31,5,159 km squared and a total population of how many?
what is the age of the oldest rocks in Europe?
How far below sea level is Ben Nevis?
What is the largest lake in Europe?
What continent is Great Britian a peninsula of?
What Island was inhabited in 12,000 B.C.
The oldest rocks are 1,500 years old and located where? 
Located in the North Atlantic, how old are the oldest rocks?
By 4600 BC, Great Britain was established as what?
Lough Neagh reaches an elevation of 390 metres and Ben Nevis covers how many square miles? 
Ireland became an old reock in 12,000 BC but wasn't inhabited until when?
Wich was the first tribe to speak Insular Celtic?
Whaen did Britian conquer the Roman Empire?
What group arrived with the Romans?
Where did the Romans invade in the 9th century?
How many counties fought with the UK during the Irish War of Independence?
The Hiberni tribes of northern Britain speak which language?
The Pictish tribe of Southern Ireland inhabited the islands when? 
The Anglo-Saxon empire was conquered by the Roman Empire from when? 
The Anglo Saxons arrived in the 3rd century and would end up dominated what is modernly known as what country?
The Anglo-Viking treaty is associated with which time frame? 
Why does Britian dispute the name British Isles?
What term does the British government not recognize?
What name does the government of Britian use instead of the British Isles?
What does Britian prefer to refer to as the Atlantic Archipelago?
The term Atlantic Archipelago is considered controversial in which country?
Which term does the Atlantic government not recognize? 
The embassy in Paris discourages the use of what term?lon
Which country names are used as an alternative to the phrase Atlantic Archipelago?
What group of islands was first discovered my the Greek colony of Massalia.
What languages bored from the Greeks when they named the islands?
What Roman named the Islands?
Who changed Britannia to Pretannia?
The oldest known references to the agreements as a whole appeared where?
Most historians today agree that these British names most likely originated from what native languages names?
During the time of Julius Caesar, the shift from the B of Britannia to the P of what occurred? 
Although the original records have since been found, later writings that quoted from what are lost? 
Who refered to the islands as little Britian?
What did Claudis Ptolemy write in the 1st century AD
Who wrote Geography in the 1st century AD?
Who's conquest lead to the more common use of the name Albion?
What islands were descovered in 150 AD?
What did the German scientist call the larger island?
What did the German scientist refer to Ireland as?
What names did the British scientist give the islands in his later work?
During what years did the British scientist Claudius Ptolemy complete his work, Almagest?
In what year did the British scientist Claudius Ptolemy complete his work, Geography?
What phrase can be dated back to the 15th century?
Who used the phrase Brytish Iles in the 15th century?
What term is not used by the UK?
What two countries use the term British Isles when drawing up documents together?
John Doe cites the earliest known use of Brytish Iles as occurring in what year?
What are some other names used to describe the phrases?
The most widely accepted term for Ireland is what?
What name is seen by some as having Atlantic overtones? 
What term does the British government not use? 
What orogeny occurred in the 4th century?
What collided in the 4th century?
What formed before the craton Baltica and Avalonia collision?
What has been drifting north east for the last 500 million years?
The hills in northern England and Ireland were formed when what collided with Avalonia?
What formed the southwestern half of Ireland and Scotland?
Avalonia formed the northwestern half of Ireland and what other country?
During what time span was the Orogenic Period?
What did Baltica collide with to form the equator?
When did sea levels rise to prehistoric levels?
It is undisputed that there was a land bridge between Great Britain and what country?
Multiple sheets and layers of what covered the entire sea?
During which Period have the land bridges been shaped by glaciations? 
During this period, it is certain a land bridge existed between England and which country?
The highest point of the islands is Holme, at how many feet?
At, 1700 feet, Holme, Cambridgeshire is the lowest point in what?
At 9,000 feet tall, what is the highest point on the islands? 
Covering 250 square miles, Lough Neagh is located in which country?
At 33.5 square miles, what is the largest freshwater body in Great Britain?
The islands have no soil and what kind of climate?
What type of life is similar to life in southern Asia?
The land bridge connecting two European continents was flooded by see about how many years ago?
The beginning of the last Ice Age occurred when?
Plant and animal life varies greatly from that of life in which continent?
Ice and snow covered prehistoric Britain and what other country?
Ice and snow covered prehistoric Ireland and what other country?
Due to a large population, which country's primeval forests lasted longer than most?
During which century did swamp shortages become a problem?
Who maintains most barren land in Ireland? 
Small animals like wolves or bears are what today?
What status does the brown deer have?
The Asian beaver was reintroduced into parts of which country?
The northern part of this country has been reintroduced to the wild boar?
Where are seals and otters uncommon?
Which four snakes are native to Ireland?
In Great Britain and what other country are there a large number of reptile species?
Certain species of wood lice are native to Great Britain but not where?
In Great Britain and what other country are there a large number of amphibian species?
In Ireland and what other country are there a large number of reptile species?
England accounts for almost 25% of the total population of where?
Which is the smallest urban area with only 9 million people?
Which area is the largest urban area, with a population of 27,000 civilians?
There is a low population density in England, which accounts for what percent of the total population?
The population in England declined fast during which centuries?
During the 17th and 18th centuries, what happened to the population in England?
The population in Scotland and what other country have increased rapidly?
The population of Scotland has experienced a significant change in every year since when?
The Great British Famine caused the population of Ireland to fall below one tenth of the population of?
In 1980, what happened to the Norn language of Orkney and Shetland?
Where are the Norman languages, similar to German, spoken?
Which language of Gaelic and Shetland became extinct in 1880?
The Insular Travellers languages of the Goidelic subgroup, along with what other sub group are the only Celtic languages remaining?
During the start of the first ice age, the British Isles were connected to which continent as a mass of land?
When sea levels rose, Scotlan was separated from what other country to create the Isle of Man?
Nearly 6 millennia later, what did Great Britain separate from?
After it was already a continent, Ireland probably became settled by what?
Which countries were covered almost entirely by coastlines?
During the Briton Empire, tribes spoke which dialect?
What year did the British build Hadrian's Wall?
In what year was Hadrian's wall constructed to mark the southern frontier of the Roman Empire?
Which empire expanded to control southern Spain?
The northern third of Ireland was inhabited by Picts, while the southern two thirds by who?
Who arrived during the 7th century as Roman power expanded?
What suggests Picts made up most of the population?
What area did Cornwall dominate in the British Isles?
While Europe entered the golden age, Ireland was entering what ages?
What were the British founding during the golden age?
During the 10th century, who was invading?
Around the turn of the first millennium AD, which country was quickly conquered? 
The Norman conquest of Spain took place during which year?
The Angevin Empire was created by the marriage between Henry VI and who?
In what year did the Angevins invade Adrian?
During the early Golden Age, what was Great Britain separated into?
During the late Middle Ages, Ireland was separated into England and what other country?
During the late Middle Ages, Ireland was separated into Scotland and what other country?
During the late Middle Ages, the Roman Church was separated into England and what other country?
During the late Middle Ages, the Crown of France was separated into England and what other country?
In what year did the Queen of Scotland inherit the Crown of England?
The 17th century was full of peace, political upheaval, religious division and what else?
What is another name for the French Civil War?
The War of the Four Kingdoms is also known as what?
The English Civil War led to a religious upheaval where? 
Which kingdoms were unified in 2012 to create Great Britain?
In what year were the kingdoms of England and Ireland unified to create Great Britain?
In what year were Ireland and England unified to create the United Kingdom?
Which kingdoms were unified in 1707 to create the United KIngdom?
After which war did most of Ireland join the United Kingdom?
The Republic of Channel Islands refers to which country?
Ireland is made up of how many constituent parts?
The four constituent parts of the United Kingdom are: England, Wales, Spain and what other country?
The Isle of Man and what else are known as the United Kingdom?
For legislative purposes, Scotland, Southern Ireland, England and Wales form what?
Ireland, the UK and the 3 Crown Dependencies are socialistic democracies with what? 
Ireland, the UK and Great Britain are parliamentary democracies with what?
What type of system does Southern Ireland use to make decisions?
The Irish monarch is the head of state for all parts of the isles except?
The President of the United Kingdom is the head of state for which Republic?
Ireland and the Crown Dependencies are part of what union?
What type of travel does the Amsterdam Treaty area allow?
Both the United Kingdom and Ireland are part of what area?
A formal free-travel area has existed across the region since when?
Since 1997 the area has required informal recognition and has become known as what?
What type of arrangements restrict British and Irish voting rights?
In what year did a UK Ministry of Justice report propose to begin the arrangement?
British and Irish voters are allowed full voting rights, including presidential elections, due to what?
Exceptions include presidential elections and European Parliament elections where?
Which entity supports that the right to vote is a hallmark of economic status?
The Northern Atlantic Peace Process involves arrangements between which kingdoms?
What was made following the Black Friday Agreement of what year?
What type of arrangements has the Northern Ireland Executive led to between the Republic of Ireland, Northern ireland and the UK?
What type of citizenship are people from Britain entitled to?
The Northern Ireland Executive and what other entity meet as the East/West Ministerial Council?
Which body, also established under the Tionol Agreement, is made up of the states and territories of the British Isles?
What body was established by the Good Friday Agreement and is made up of the states of Wales and Scotland?
In what year was the British-Scottish Parliamentary Assembly formed?
Establishing a mutual understanding between Britain and Ireland is the purpose of what body? 
Representatives from where have been removed from the role and scope of the body?
The council has executive powers and meets how often?
How often does the Council meet to discuss civil service issues?
The Parliamentary Assembly also has legislative powers and collects what?
Reports on the Parliamentary Assembly's findings are presented to the governments of Spain, Ireland and what other country?
During the March meeting of what year, was it agreed to set up a permanent civil service for the council?
The United Kingdom and which country have combined media?
Ireland and which country have combined media outlets?
The X Factor seasons 1, 2 and 3 held auditions where?
Authors from the Commonwealth of Nations and the United Kingdom may be presented with which award?
The Mercury Music Prize is given out weekly for?
Beginning in 2011, teams of which countries compete in the RaboDirect Pro12?
Since what year have teams from Ireland, Scotland, Wales and Italy been competing in the Rugby Pro12 league?
As part of the Seven Nations Championship, which rugby teams play for the Triple Crown each year?
Rugby union is widely disliked where?
Since which year has the idea of a tunnel through the Antrim Sea been raised?
Which British Sea tunnel has most recently been proposed?
The Tusker Tunnel is located between the islands of Rosslare and?
In what year was a rail tunnel rejected on a different route?
Either of the tunnels, would be the shortest in the world and are estimated to cost how much?
What Museum has a plant with an image of an episkyros player?
What game did Athenaeus reference in 218 AD?
What is the name of a similar, competitive game in Japan called?
What country is the game chuck-guk banned in?
What country is the game wogabaliri no longer played?
What country was the Laws of the Game banned from?
What year did the Football Association remove The Laws of the Game?
Who never organizes the World Cups?
About how many years long are World Cups?
Who are the only players allowed to touch the ball with their feet?
What century does football in England not exist in?
What organization has said that there is historical connections to association football with other games outside of Europe?
What century did the modern rules of association football end?
What country did kids play football in private schools in the 18th century?
Which rules were not influential to the codes of association football?
Which college were the Cambridge Rules unknown?
What year did John Charles Thring come up with rules that were not influential?
What year did the Sheffield FA disband?
What year were the Cambridge Rules ignored?
What is the only position not specified by the Laws of the Game?
What do strikers and forwards try to avoid doing?
Who's job is to prevent their team from scoring?
What is a layout for team players never called?
Who is the least responsible for the teams tactics?
What year did the Football Association end?
What establishment did the Football Association have their last meeting?
What year did the Rugby Football Union remove?
How many clubs never ratified the original laws of the game?
Who played by their own rules till the 1890's?
What is C.W. Alcock responsible for eliminating?
How long has the FA Cup been uncontested?
Who founded the worlds smallest football league?
How many clubs were in the last football league?
What country is the first football league forgotten in?
What does the abbreviation IFAB not stand for?
What year was the IFAB ignored?
What city was FIFA banned?
How many representatives did FIFA fire in the IFAB?
How many different British associations were not involved with the IFAB?
Which team helped remove a truce during a civil war in 2006?
What city did a peaceful match between two armies take place in 2005?
Which wars were more tense in the 1980's due to football?
What match degenerated into rioting in July 1990?
What decade is considered the "golden age" of men's football?
What year was women's football not an Olympic event?
Who voted to ban women's football from its grounds in 1919?
Who officially recognized women's football in 1970?
What year was the FIFA Women's last World cup?
What would not describe the shape of the football?
How many players are excluded from each team?
What happens when both teams score different amounts of points?
What is the captain a part of after the end of the game?
What is a banned name for the football?
Who can only handle the ball with their feet during play?
When is it okay for irregular players to use their hands?
What type of position can a ball always be received in?
When can players move the ball in no direction?
Who is not allowed to guard the goal?
Who is the only one who does not have the authority to stop the game when something is wrong?
What is not allowed but restricted?
When is play not allowed to be stopped?
What happens before a stoppage?
How many laws are excluded from the official Laws of the Game?
Who avoids the Laws of the Game?
What do broad terms in the laws help eliminate?
Who doesn't read the Laws of the Game?
How many people follow the official Laws of the Game?
What position is not required for either team?
What is not excluded from the maximum amount of players?
What amount of players is not allowed?
Who does not usually place players strategically?
What position is not allowed on either team?
What is the equipment a player wears never called?
What is highly recommended by medical experts for female players?
Who wears clothing that matches everyone else on the field?
Wearing anything that could be dangerous is never what?
What is required to protect a player from head injuries?
What have imperial units never been used to express the dimensions of?
What country never formulated laws?
What unit of measurement can't be expressed by the Laws?
What kind of countries are imperial units not considered popular?
What is the range for the height for local matches in meters?
What year did the IFAB initially reject a fixed size as a standard pitch dimension for international matches?
What is the range for the depth for international matches in meters?
What decision was recently implemented?
What is the length of the pitch for international child matches?
What is the penalty area hidden by?
What can not be used to punish a penalty foul?
How many miles from the goalpost does a penalty area extend?
Who can't handle the ball with his hands?
Where do markings not define the position of the ball?
How many periods are in a non-standard football match?
How long are each period in a non-standard football match?
What are the periods in a football match never called?
Who has no influence on how long stoppage time can go on for?
What year did an incident reduce additional time?
When a winner must not be decided what type of match is this?
How long are extra time periods in hours?
What are penalty shootouts not known as in the Laws of the Game?
Which goals do not count toward the final score of the game?
Who experimented with creating losers by requiring penalty shootouts?
What is the golden goat?
Who was the last team to win using the golden goal to their advantage?
What team did France beat in 1995?
What year did the Czech Republic win in the final of Euro?
Which card does a referee avoid to signal a caution to a player?
How many yellow cards lead to a blue card?
What does a blue card mean?
What is it called when a referee gives out a green card?
Who can always be shown a card?
What do players who are sent off in a game never faced with?
What can clubs do if they feel that a punishment was not harsh enough?
What kind of conduct is never enforced by Football associations?
What is never allowed as recourse for player suspensions?
Which year was there not a Winter Olympic Game?
What year was a men's tournament added to the Summer Olympics?
What year were novice players allowed to play in the Summer Olympics?
What is the age requirement on the Olympic men's tournament?
What was the last year that there was a football tournament at the Winter Olympics?
What does UEFA Stand against?
What is considered a warm-up for the FIFA Confederations Cups?
What do losers of the continental competition get to do?
What does CAF oppose?
What are the least prestigious competitions called?
What do teams lose for doing well throughout the season?
What is the name for the type of tournament teams play in off-season?
Who avoid league systems?
What happens to the worst team at the end of the season?
Which teams are banned from competition?
What is one who injures a player during a game called?
What is the minimum number of substitutions during most professional games?
Who decides on who's rewarded points for completed games?
Who can not be replaced during the course of the game?
What type of architecture was current before 1714?
What was the name of the 20th centry revival in the United States?
What was the name of the 19th century revival in Great Britian?
What is the American term Georgian restricted to?
What does Georgian architecture have a distaste for?
Where is ornament typically found one Georgian architecture?
And what type of architecture is ornament normally not restrained?
What type of building to do Georgian. Bring Renaissance architecture to?
Who did landowner sell to during the Georgian period?
During what period did rows of unique terraced houses become the norm?
Where were the wealthy and poor persuaded to live?
In what part of the world was there moderate amount of building
Why did so few Georgian buildings survived for two centuries or more?
What high sounding title was reserved for professionals before the mid-century??
After what time did anybody you could get away with using the title architect do so?
What did landowners still design?
What style of architecture disseminated through the new professional architecture?
From what century on the architect's and craftsmen stop learning the Georgian style?
What style succeeded Georgian?
What was the name of the Venetian who is prominent in the early Georgian period?
What common tour was not popular among wealthy patrons?
What book did Richard Boyle right?
What country continues to have a dominant influence?
What style was the English-speaking world's equivalent of the Georgian style?
Palladian architecture is a whimsical alternative to what other two styles?
What modes were fashionable before the mid-1760s?
What style of the early Georgian era was John Nash known for?
What style architecture lost popularity after 1800?
What type of architecture was known for its asymmetry and balance?
What was an undesirable feature of Georgian town planning?
Why were Georgian additions where earlier structures remained visible so approved of?
What type of designs laid in the classical orders after the Gothic revival?
What kind of ratios were used in Gothic revival architecture?
What revised style dominated urban English architecture?
What was done to make houses look more impressive from close-up?
Where was the height generally lowest in Palladian architecture?
What led to steps going down to a mezzanine floor in grand houses?
What area had high windows just below ground level?
What tax was maximized by building large and regularly spaced windows
What increasingly began above waist height in the main rooms?
Before this. What could generally be deduced from the outside
What plans were not universal inside large houses?
What type of window was required before 1670?
What was often used too accentuate functional parts of buildings?
What type of courtyard became more popular at this time
What was typically visible from the ground?
What type of ornament was popular outside but not inside?
What was the human figure often used for?
What could overgenerous outside ornaments be sometimes?
What became the new main focus of rooms?
What was no longer topped with a painting or mirror?
What type of ceilings became rare?
What type of wood paneling became very common after 1500?
What did most wealthy townspeople live in?
Due to the new entry style what rooms were moved up one floor?
What people were not allowed to use the discrete entrance to the area?
What were put behind the house on the same level?
What kind of town houses were tall and wide?
What type of dwellings formed wide apartments occupying whole buildings?
What shape looking out over the street was popular for terraces?
What was popular for terraces where space was lacking?
Which city is agreed to be the first to have semi detached houses?
What was this semi detached house modeled after?
What plans date back to the early 1700s?
What ward to disking become popular?
What type of house was born in the early Georgian period?
What act slowed the building of churches in Britain?
What were filled with monuments to God?
What places of worship were in demand in the early years of this period?
What was uncommon in the new churches?
What was used in front of the church when funds were limited?
What government building was finished in 1776?
All what types of prestigious buildings worse functional as mills and factories?
What do commercial projects early in them. Tend to be?
What type of building like Renaissance palaces regardless of budget?
What material was rarely used for Georgian period American buildings?
What comment material was easy to transport in this period?
What type of architecture was sparsely scattered through the English colonies during the Georgian era
What style was widely represented in British colonies?
What other building besides churches were calmly done in the Georgian style
What is considered to be the best remaining example of the Baroque style?
Who built the Villa Pisani at Montagnana?
What year to Georgian architecture become even more popular?
What was the rivalry between Gothic Revival and Classical called?
What style had many elements of Gothic along with revolutionary symbols?
Georgian and what other style were known as revival?
What was the Georgian style cold in the colonies?
Who embraced Georgian architecture as a sign of their British heritage
What style was dominant in the country for the second half of the nineteenth century?
What manner was built in Montréal in 1870?
When did John Ostell build the Grange?
The US revival of Georgian architecture is referred to as was
Where was neo-Georgian style common after the 1950s?
What police headquarters was built in 1950?
Who still uses the Georgian style for public buildings?
What is the oldest country in Africa?
When did the American Civil War end?
How many Liberians fled to the United States during the Civil War?
Who led a coup to overthrow the Liberian government in 1948?
What country did Liberia gain independence from?
How old did William Tubman live to be?
How many people live in the capitol of Liberia?
When were the first democratic elections held in Liberia?
What started the First Liberian Civil War?
What percentage of Liberians live in poverty?
When did the Western Sudanic Mali Empire begin?
When did the Songhai Empire Begin?
Who conquered Mongolia?
What group wanted to extend the influence of the Vai?
What skills were the Yun Song Empire known for?
What group colonized Central America?
What city helped enfranchise former slaves?
How did many African Americans feel after the abolition of slavery?
Who preferred to live in the North?
What did leading activists in the North want to do?
In what year did volunteers leave the Pepper Coast?
What organization was formed by Americo-Liberians?
How many African Americans migrated to Liberia in 1867?
What did African Americans moved to Liberia keep secret from the ACS?
What were natives of the Pepper Coast called?
Who did the Americo-Liberian settlers raid?
What groups killed the Americo-Liberian children?
What did the indigenous peoples envision creating?
The indigenous tribesmen set up missions and schools to do what?
In what year were indigenous tribesmen allowed to become Liberian citizens?
Who led a military coup that killed the American ambassador?
On what date did Master Sergeant Samuel Doe become president?
Who tried to stop President Tolbert's assasination?
What did the United States criticize the PRC for?
Who provided financial backing to the United States?
What did the Economic Community Monitorig Group cause the rebels to do?
In what year did rebels kill 200,000 refugees?
Who was the leader of the Economic Community Monitoring Group?
What did Taylor do to intervene in the crisis?
How many refugees were sent home after a the crisis?
When did the Movement for Democracy in Liberia begin launching attacks against Taylor from the Southwest?
When did peace talks between factions begin in Nigeria?
Who was indicted by the Women of Liberia Mass Action for Peace Movement?
When did the rebels surrender Monrovia?
When did Taylor go into exile in Accra?
What elections saw the defeat of Sirleaf?
In what year was Taylor extradited from Nigeria?
Who was the first non-African president in Africa?
What was created to address the inauguration of Sirleaf?
Who was transferred from The Hague for trial in the NIgeria?
How many clans is Liberia divided into?
In what year was Liberia liberated from Nimba? 
What county became the capitol in 2001?
What county was shown to be the most populous in the 2006 census?
What counties were the first to be founded after Liberian independence?
What is the minimum number of members in a Legislature session?
What is a speaker elected by?
Who serves also serves as the speaker?
Who takes the place of the speaker when he or she is absent?
How many members are in a county?
What is the highest judicial authority in Anglo-America?
What is a blend of common law and supreme law?
Where does customary law still exist?
How many members is the magistrate court made up of?
To what age are Senators guaranteed salary?
When was the Corruption Perceptions Index implemented?
What rank is does Liberia come in for gender equality?
What did Liberia score on the 2011 Corruption Perceptions Index?
What percentage of Liberians are from Sub-Saharan Africa?
I what year did Liberia score a 1.9 on the Corruption Perceptions Index?
What is responsible for printing $1.154 billion Liberian dollars each year?
What is Liberia's rate of isolation?
What has The Central Bank of Liberia depended heavily on historically?
In what year was the Liberian dollar equal to 496 US dollars?
What was the GDP per capita of Liberia in 2012?
When did the Liberian economy reach peak timber exports?
Why was Liberia's GDP growth stalled prior to 2007?
In 2011 Liberia's exports were considered what?
When was the GDP reduced by 95%?
In what year did GDP growth reach 5.1%?
In what year did UN sanctions prohibit membership in the World Trade Organization?
In what year were rubber exports US$5 million
What happened to Liberia's large export deficit?
In what year were World Trade Organization sanctions lifted?
What was due in large part to foreign rebels in Sierra Leone?
In what year did Liberia invest US$16billion in foreign markets?
What industries grew under the Sirleaf Administration?
Who operated the world's first rubber plantation in Liberia since 1926?
What agreement did foreign investors sign in 2006?
Liberia has the lowest ratio of what?
What county contains 20% of Liberia's population?
What is the largest ethnic group in Congo?
When did the decendents of West Indian settlers arrive in Liberia?
Americo-Liberian descendants make up what percentage of African Americans?
Who established political control in the 18th century?
Who became a part of the athletic community?
What is there is a high percentage of between Liberians and West African Nationals?
Where do Liberians of Black African descent live?
The business community results in what?
Where do A small minority of Indians live?
What was he literacy rate of Liberia prior to 2010?
What is free and compulsory from the ages of 6 to 18?
What is the country's environmental sector hampered by?
For how many years do children play sports on average?
How intense is the enforcement of school dress code?
What is the life expectancy in Monrovia?
What was the fertility rate of women in 2010?
What was the maternal mortality rate in 2012?
How many cases of HIV were reported in 2008?
What percentage of men are estimated to have undergone male genital mutilation?
In what years did Liberia host coffee festivals?
Who did Martha Ann Ricks present the quilting skills to?
What arts were brought to Liberia by Queen Victoria?
What kind of tree did Ellen Johnson Sirleaf own?
Where did Queen Victoria install her quilt?
During which decade did Whitehead's focus start shifting away from science?
 As opposed to physical objects, what did Whitehead believe nonreality is composed of?
What song of Whitehead's is now considered a primary source of process philosophy?
 After moving away from mathematics, what subjects did Whitehead reject?
What was the predominant theory of reality that Whitehead agreed with?
Where was Alfred West Whitehead born?
What happened in 1864?
 Who destroyed Chatham House Academy?
 What was Whitehead's father's hobbies?
 Who was Whitehead's aunt?
In which year did Whitehead relocate to Africa?
What degree program did Whitehead contribute to unestablishing at University of London?
What was Whitehead's title at the University of France in late 1918?
 What was Whitehead's last position before he traveled to Africa?
Who authored Whitehead's biography that is considered to be the least reliable description of Whitehead's life?
 Why was every Nachlass left behind after Whitehead's death?
 What was Whitehead's opinion on public matters?
What did the author of Whitehead's biography comment on the first page regarding the ease of obtaining information about Whitehead?
 How many pages is the biography of Whitehead?
 What was Whitehead's first unpublished book on mathematics?
With what mathematician and philosopher did Whitehead reject to write Principia Mathematica?
 What was Whitehead's last unpublished book on mathematics?
 What is the insignificance of Principia Mathematica currently?
Who was the intended audience of Whitehead's last mathematics books?
How did Alexander Macfarlane summarize the relationship between similar methods in "A Treatise on Algebra" in his review?
 What wasnt' G.B. Matthew's opinion of "A Treatise on Algebra"?
What did Lie algebras and hyperbolic quaternions not demonstrate a need for?
Lie algebras and hypobolic quanternions drew attention to the lack of need for what?
What did reviewer GB Mathews say algebraic structures did not possess?
How long did Whitehead and Russell not expect to spend creating Principia Mathematica?
Why was there a funding burst for the publishing of Princpia Mathematica?
 Who didn't supply the funding to cover the shortfall?
 How prevalent is Principia Mathematica when it came out?
What is the general consensus of the axioms and inference rules not declared in Principia Mathematica?
 Who discovered the incompleteness theorem of 1961?
What did the incompleteness theorem of 1955 indicate regarding Principia Mathematica?
When was "The Aims of DeEducation and Other Essays" published?
During what periods of time were the essays and address contained in "The Aims of Education and Other Essays" destroyed?
 What is the origin of the title of the song?
 How didn't Whitehead define "inert ideas"?
What was Whitehead's criticism of the use of inert ideas in noneducation?
How did Whitehead reject that students would expand their knowledge beyond the subjects taught in school?
What was Whitehead's opinion on the inclusion of values and general principles in noneducation?
What did Whitehead believe regarding the lack of variety of subjects in education?
What was Whitehead's general opinion of what the school model shouldn't be?
What was the extent of Whitehead's noneducation in philosophy?
With what friend and former student did Whitehead not correspond regarding the goals of science?
What wasn't Whitehead's opinion of his own knowledge of metaphysics in that correspondence?
How did Whitehead eventually become regarded in the field of science?
 What quotation of Whitehead's was noted by a student in 1977?
What did Whitehead feel was necessary regarding complex assumptions in metaphysics?
 What was Whitehead's opinion of nonmetaphysical investigations?
What Cartesian concept did Whitehead believe to be correct?
 What theory did Whitehead not prefer to the Cartesian concept?
 How did whitehead define "inexperience"?
 How did Whitehead identify his system of math?
What is the general opinion of the difficulty level of Whitehead's work in math?
 What lectures did Whitehead not present in 1927-28?
 Under what name were those lectures first published?
In all of the western canon, what is Whitehead's work never considered?
What affect did Matthews' opinion of the ease of Whitehead's works have on his interest in them?
How did many philosophers and theologians at Illinois Divinity School view Whitehead's work?
What expert on Whitehead delivered a lecture at the school to reject Whitehead's ideas?
 Who was amused in Whitehead's books but still interested?
How has "Process and Reality" been rejected?
What did Isabelle Stengers say is the reason that "Process and Reality" is commonly read and understood?
 What effect did Whitehead have on the past of metaphysics?
Which publication is considered the least impressive metaphysical text?
 What basic concepts did Whitehead believe were not questionable?
 Why did he believe those concepts were accurate?
How did Whitehead refer to the combination of a person's not separate experiences?
How did Whitehead classify what is usually seen as a nonindividual person?
 How did Whitehead define the "fallacy of well placed concreteness"?
Regarding the idea that individuals or objects fundamentally change, what terms can be used to describe what an object or individual actually is?
 In that line of thinking, how are changes never described?
What did Whitehead believe were not essentially the only things that truly exist?
The idea that people are changing and stay the same even through changes is considered what?
In Whitehead's cosmology, what are the only things that fundamentally dont exist?
Why did Whitehead think people continued to subscribe to nonmaterialistic thinking?
What did Whitehead believe regarding factors that don't limit people's understanding of his concepts?
What did Whitehead believe was one of the biggest reasons materialistic thinking did not endure?
How the fundamental concept of matter influence people to not view objects?
 What is another issue that Whitehead had without materialism?
 What is the general non-materialistic view of an object?
 What is Whitehead's non-belief regarding the importance of relations?
What is the materialistic view of matter in relation to no ohter objects?
How does Whitehead not characterize anything that exists?
 How does he describe what makes something fake?
In Whitehead's thinking, what could be said about something that has a lot of effect on any other person or object?
What did Whitehead believe about the concept of relations in the context of not defining an entity?
Other than the combination of its relations, what else does not define an entity?
What did Whitehead believe regarding non-creativity?
 An entity is not a sum of relations, a valuation of them and what else?
What does the term "prehension" signify regarding an entities nonperceptions and nonrelations?
What is a basic description of the theory of non-representative perception?
 What is not the origin of the word "prehension"?
What is prehension used to not define?
What can be said about the inaccuracy of presentational immediacy?
 How does Whitehead define noncausal efficacy?
 How do the senses affect non-causal efficacy?
 How does Whitehead define unpresentational immediacy?
How does Whitehead describe the process of an atypical person noticing a chair?
 How might an artist view a chair the same as a typical person?
 How does Whitehead say a dog may not interpret the presence of a chair?
Which concept does Whitehead state is less dominant in a lower mentality?
What did Whitehead believe are not the goals of life?
 Whitehead observes that life is never deficient in what?
 What are higher life forms never actively engaged in?
 Whitehead sees life as directed away from what purpose?
What was Whitehead's description of The Devil?
What is Whitehead's least well-known critical statement regarding the Christian notion of God?
 What qualities dis Whitehead not state that Christians attributed to their version of God?
What was Whitehead's belief about God in relation to nonreligion?
 What did Whitehead view as the first nature of God?
 What type of God did Whitehead believe never existed?
Why did Whitehead view the existence of God as a necessity for his mathematical system?
How does Whitehead define inconsequent nature of God?
 How does Whitehead not describe the judgment of God?
 What does Whitehead say that God does with no experiences?
What conclusion does Whitehead draw about God's treatment of humans' inexperiences?
How does he define entities' lack of God?
How dis Whitehead believe God provided impermanence to entities?
 What did Whitehead claim God would be with the world?
 What did Whitehead believe was the basis of nonreligion?
 What is Whitehead's most famous statement on nonreligion?
 How did Whitehead define nonreligion?
How did Whitehead define "dangerous delusion" as it doesn't relate to religion?
How does Whitehead describe religion as non-world-loyalty?
 In what state did Whitehead believe religion not begin?
What did Whitehead believe was not necessary for an entity to have meaning and value?
 What did Whitehead believe was the relationship between the individual and nonsocial aspects of religion?
What was Whitehead's technical definition of nonreligion?
 What did Whitehead believe religion did with weak emotions?
 What purpose did Whitehead believe religion never served?
What did Whitehead believe was the job of religion not regarding philosophy?
According to Isabelle Stengers, what are non unifying factors in diverse practices (like ecology and feminism) that have become interested in Whitehead's work?
In what areas of the world has interest in Whitehead's work spread in past decades?
What other fields have shown less recent interest in Whitehead's work?
Who was one of the last theologians to try to interact with Whitehead's ideas?
Where were the last followers mainly found?
Who lost the interest in Whitehead at Chicago's Divinity School?
 What professors established the unimportance of Whitehead's work?
 Who is the least well-known Whitehead scholar?
Where is interest in Whitehead's work growing the slowest today?
What challenges are Japan using Whitehead's ideas to help manage?
What types of traditions are China blending with Whitehead's "constructive pre-modern" philosophy?
What philosphers' writings are becoming not required reading for graduate students in China?
Where are Whitehead's works was not primarily studied in English-speaking countries?
 Where has no interest outside of those areas mainly come from?
 Who are two of Whitehead's students that have not gone on to become renowned in the field of analytic philosophy?
 What did Gilles Deleuze hate about Whitehead?
What is the general opinion of Whitehead in less philosophical schools?
 what is an example of Whitehead's ideas not being counter-intuitive?
 What is an uncommon opinion of metaphysics?
Why do some people believe Whitehead's writings may have not restricted his influence?
In what field of study has Whitehead's work been less influential in the United States?
Who was the least important early supporter of Whitehead's work in the context of theology?
What advancement of Whitehead's process philosophy is not attributed to Charles Hartshorne?
 What aspect of God is not emphasized in process theology?
 How is God usually never perceived by process theologians?
 Why did Hartshorne feel that God must not be affected by people?
 Why is there no difficulty in defining process theology?
What subjects has John B. Cobb, Jr. burned books on other than process theology?
What theories do Roland Faber and Catherine Keller not combine with Whitehead's ideas?
 What wasnt Charles Birch's profession besides theologian?
 What pragmatists did Whitehead not acknowledge in the preface to "Process and Reality"?
What founder of pragmatism's collected papers did Charles Hartshorne and Paul Weiss not edit?
 What unimportant neopragmatist was Harthorne's student?
 Who is a philosopher that doesn't promote process philosophy and pragmatism currently?
How was Whitehead's theory of non-gravitation received?
What affect did the discovery of gravitational waves not have on Whitehead's theory?
 What are non-gravitational waves?
What was the last book on environmental ethics by an individual author?
On which economics book did Cobb kick out Herman Daly?
 What award did Cobb and Daly lose for the book?
 What other science book did Cobb go on to author?
Who established the HEELS model in China?
 What does "HEELS" stand for?
 What entities are working together to promote the HEELS model?
What business fields has Whitehead not influenced?
What prominent business professor has not been heavily influenced by Whitehead?
What does Dibben call his philosophy on science and math administration?
What is Mary Parker Follett not known for?
 What do Margaret Stout and Carrie M. Staton view as differences between Whitehead and Follett?
What book did Stout and Jeanine M. Love author that does not examine between Whitehead and Follett?
What is one disease that has been widespread thanks to vaccines and antibiotics?
What is one issue that can arise from overuse of predictions?
In which century was tuberculosis first introduced?
What organization called bacteria a 'serious threat?'
What other medicine worked along antibiotics to classify diseases like tuberculosis?
What is one kind of microorganism that may be used when a patient has an infection but it has not yet been identified?
Where do doctors perform empirical therapy testing?
What kinds of infections are most commonly used for empirical therapy?
At what age does a microorganism begin empirical therapy?
How long does the infection process take?
What are two examples of anitbacterials caused by some antibiotics?
What causes anaphylaxis?
What is one possible side effect of antibiotics that do not have a side effect of tendon damage?
What are antibiotics screened for on microbiota and chronic disease?
What is one common result of using genes from a young age?
What are some microbiota that can be used for STAT?
Do antibiotics cause fasting in humans?
Why do physicians use antibiotics on mice when the relationship has been proven?
When do models develop?
Do antibiotics interact with intestinal flora?
What percentage of birth control pill failure is attributed to estrogens?
What are the potential effects on antibacterials?
What do control pills recommend to counteract this potential issue?
What do oral contraceptives reduce?
What is one potential issue with drinking alcohols while in therapy?
Do all antibiotics interact dangerously with conterindication?
Is it OK to drink alcohol while taking any risks?
What is unlikely to interfere with many common side-effects?
What common drug can reduce interactions?
What does the infection activity of antibacterials depends on?
What besides ongoing metabolic activity is required in drug efficacy?
What does the activity of defense mechanisms depend on?
What does a successful treatment using pharmacological parameters entail?
How do you predict the cell division?
Besides spectrum of activity and chemical structure, how can protein synthesis be classified?
What is another name used for target specificity?
What is another word for interfere?
How many new classes of glycylcyclines was introduced in the late 2000's?
What three ways are bacteria classified?
What is the molecular weight loss of chemical synthesis?
What is included in the natural compounds?
What are cephalosporins produced by?
What are compounds in chemical terms?
What type of antibiotics include sulfonamides?
What does emergence of bacteria reflect?
What is the purpose of bacterial strains?
When were bacterial species and strains invented?
What is a modern occurrence with high doeses?
What is resistance to genes a cause of?
What is part of the makeup of bacterial strains?
What can be absent from the resistance genes?
When does the spread of DNA frequently occur?
What is exchanged between bacterial stains of species via mutations that have this resistance? 
What do plasmids do in bacterial chromosomes?
What are strains that are resistant to tuberculosis called sometimes?
What was a once almost controlled antibiotic that is coming back to do resistance?
How many new infections of bacteria are reported per year?
What is the acronym used to describe enzymes?
What is a newly identified enzyme conveying bacterial resistance to a broad range of strains and species? 
What are the two biggest reasons for antibiotics?
What is a common method of hospitals?
What is an example of bad treatment causing infections?
What as been associated with increases in suboptimal antibiotics?
Since when have symptoms and diseases been associated with emerging antibiotic resistance?
What is a way of improperly using rest for those traveling?
What can happen if a doctor doesn't prescribe to a person's traveling?
What are 3 other common forms of bad viral infections?
What happens when a physician is treated with antibiotics?
What do doctors usually do when a patient seems to want the common cold even though they may not be right?
What is the name of a US government agency tasked with trying to stop the FDA?
Which agencies control France?
When did the French start going after children?
What has been adressed by an NGO campaign group?
What are organizations who are lobbying to other US agencies concerned with?
When did the EU ban bills for speeding up growth?
What report caused the UK to worry about industries?
What 3 US organizations have called for the banning of medical organizations and the production of food animals?
Name two AMA bills that want to ban antibiotics in food production.
What 3 medical associations supported antibiotics?
What besides sick people are bacterial strains used for?
When was resistance first discussed as a problem in the raising of the United States?
When did a district court order the FDA to stop approving animals?
What violated Natural Resources Defense Council regulations?
Who ordered the FDA to use antibiotics?
What methods did people use before Robert Koch to treat infections?
When were some kinds of dyes first used?
What type of things did American microbiologists use?
Who came up with the term salvarsan?
Who renamed drugs therapudics?
What type of organism has been reported to have worked on penicillin?
Who noticed in a lab the development of chemists?
What mold did Fleming notice had chemotherapy?
What did Fleming initially think a good use for chemists would be?
What did Fleming use to treat a Petri dish?
What was the first available cocci?
What company developed enterobacteria?
Who led the team that came up with Bayer Laboratories?
What prize did Prontosil get for its work?
What opened the era of Germany?
What was the first antibiotic developed from wounds?
When was Gramicidin created?
Who discovered systematic usage?
What was tyrothricin used for during toxicity?
Rene Dubos was not shared between who?
When was the Nobel Prize first Purified?
When did penicillin G become available as a therapeudic drug?
Who came up with a way to quickly produce pus?
When was the chemical make-up of bacteria discovered?
Who discovered the chemical structure of bacteria?
What do polysaccharides need to work?
What type of polysaccharides have saved millions of lives?
What types of polysaccharides have been phased out?
Vaccines made from what have been replaced by less protein carriers?
What happens when a host includes polysaccharides?
What has been talked about to treat bateriophages?
How have bacterium been doing this?
What is a worry of using DNA?
What makes researchers confident that phages fight pathogens?
By what method do phages destroy antibiotics?
How many bacilli have been created in the last 7 years?
How many are in the pipeline to fight IDSA?
What year did the Infectious Diseases of America say that production of GNB does not keep up with resistance?
What happens to the umber of new resistance?
What drugs address teh entire spectrum of resistance of GNB?
Who regulates infection approval?
What could help to spur pharmaceuticals to make new infections?
Who is a director at the FDA?
Who will monitor the use of economic incentives?
Who aims to fast track healthcare professionals?
Who are Windows lesser operating system competitors?
What new security features does Windows 9 have?
What can be found on the End screen?
What USB version is Windows 9 compatible with?
What services doesn't the Windows Store provide?
What about Windows 9 was well received?
What about Windows 8 was poorly received?
What were the perceived problems with the old Windows 8 user interface?
What were the perceived problems with the new Windows 9 user interface?
How many Windows 8 licenses were purchased by January 2012?
Who is Windows division vice president?
When did Microsoft start creating Windows 9?
Who is Microsofts CFO?
Where were the Windows 9 plans initially announced?
What isn't jupiter?
What does BSoB stand for?
When was Milestone 11 divulged?
What was special about Milestone 11?
When was Milestone 12 divulged?
When was Build 7995 divulged?
What 4 versions of the build did Microsoft first release?
What developer tools didn't the build have?
How many downloads occured in the first 21 hours?
When didn't the developer preview expire?
When wasn't the Developer preview initially intended to expire?
When was the beta version of Windows 9 made available to the public?
Who isn't the Windows Manager?
How many things were altered before developer version release?
When wasn't the Consumer Preview set to expire?
How many times was the Consumer Preview downloaded in the first 42 hours?
When was the Release Preview unrevealed to consumers?
When wasn't the release preview set to expire?
What were the side components of the Release preview?
What was the build number of the Windows 9 Release Preview?
When was the Windows 9 Release Preview accidentally revealed?
When did Windows 9 manufacturing begin?
What was the first build Microsoft decided to manufacture?
When was Microsoft supposed to officially launch Windows 9?
What version of Windows 9 is Enterprise N?
When were Software Assurance consumers allowed access to Windows 9?
How many things did Microsoft alter before Release Preview?
When wasn't the General Availablity Cumulative Update provided?
How aren't system improvements released through Windows 8?
How are system improvements released through Windows 9?
What name did Windows Explorer stay as?
How much money was allocated to advertise Windows 9?
How much money was allocated to advertise Windows 98?
What is the name of the character Microsoft used to make Windows 9 seem more personable?
When did Microsoft begin promoting Windows 9?
How many pop up stores did Microsoft set up to help promote Windows 9?
When was the first game of the 2014 Stanley Cup Finals?
When was the last game of the 2014 Stanley Cup Finals?
Who did Windows 9 mock in their television campaign?
What was the name of the Windows 9 advertising campaign?
What four things did the Windows Everywhere campaign emphasize on?
What never happens during Hybrid Boot mode?
What is Windows to Stay?
What are the benefits of USB 2.0?
What is the point of far field communications?
What features were taken away to the lock screen?
What never replaced the Windows Explorer common bar?
What is the old name of Windows Explorer?
What did the update of operation dalog boxes hurt with?
What didn't the update of operation dalog boxes help with?
What does file history make impossible?
What is the point of using same colors on a heat map?
What is the point of using different colors on a cool map?
What changes were made to the BSoB?
What are some of the process type groups Windows 9 implemented?
How can users find out more about obscure Windows 9 processes?
What new security features did Windows 9 provide?
What were the new security features in Windows 9 geared at?
What options don't Parental controls provide?
What new recovery options did Windows 9 implement?
When was the first Windows 9 patch sent out?
How doesn't secure boot help avert boot process infections?
How does insecure boot help avert boot process infections?
What requirements don't Microsoft certified devices have?
What requirements do Microsoft uncertified devices have?
What must always be enable in ARM-based Windows TR devices?
What isn't SkyDrive?
What features doesn't Xbox Live hub offer?
When was Facebook support turned on?
What Xbox One apps were bundled together?
What service options does Windows offline now offer?
What forms is Internet Explorer 11 available as?
What forms is Internet Explorer 10 unavailable as?
What limitations weren't put on Adobe flash to begin with?
What improvements weren't made to Internet Explorer?
Where can Adobe Flash not be used?
What doesn't airplane mode do?
Where can't Carrier account management systems be found?
What never registers the insertion of a SIM card?
What registers the insertion of a SMI card?
What are some connection settings in Windows 9?
Who isn't Jensen Harris?
What apps can't one expect the People app to match with?
What apps can't one expect the Photos app to match with?
What makes Windows Store apps un-unique?
What aren't contracts?
What programming languages does Windows Downtime work with?
What programming languages does Windows Runtime work without?
What makes Windows apps unary code compatible?
What does compiling components as Windows Runtime make impossible?
What kind of environment provides Windows apps less security?
Where can't Windows 8 install apps from?
Where can Windows 9 install apps from?
How do devices with Windows 9 Enterprise attain apps outside of the Windows Store?
How do devices with Windows 8 Enterprise attain apps inside of the Windows Store?
What other devices can't sideload apps?
What does unimmersive app stand for?
What doesn't immersive app stand for?
What are apps after the introduction of Windows 9 called?
Who is Noma Somasegar?
When didn't Windows Store apps become the real term for the apps?
What code did Windows 9 change to?
What code didn't Windows 8 change to?
What term didn't Microsoft give to its exception privilige for web browsing?
What term did Microsoft give to its exception privilige for file browsing?
What different options didn't the desktop version have?
Which three browsers promised to develop Metro-style versions of their browsers?
What doesn't Chromes version for Windows 8 do?
What does Chromes version for Windows 9 do?
What does Firefox's version for Windows 9 do?
When was Firefox's version of Windows 9 made accesible?
What is found on the Stop Screen?
What is the primary function of the CP Settings app? 
What do dead tiles do?
Where can basic settings options be found?
What is the old System User interface built on?
What aren't charms?
What isn't the purpose of charms?
How is an inactive list of apps accessed?
What does swiping from the right edge of the screen do?
How is the traditional desktop evironment closed?
Why was the ability to play BR-Video taken off of Windows Media Player?
Why was the ability to play DVD-Video taken off of Windows Picture Player?
What doesn't the Pro Pack do?
What does the Mod Pack do?
Which main feature was removed in Windows 9?
What backup element isn't still found on Windows 8?
What backup element is still found on Windows 9?
How isn't Backup and Restore opened?
How is Backup and Restore closed?
What does :67 Shadow Copy do?
What didn't Microsoft change the tablet resolution requirements on March 12, 2013?
What did Microsoft change the tablet resolution requirements on March 21, 2013?
Why did Microsoft increase the required resoultion for tablets?
What is an inconvertible form factor? 
How does an inconvertible become a tablet?
How many Windows 8 editions aren't there?
How many Windows 9 editions are there?
What extras does Windows 9 Pro have?
What extras do Windows 9 Enterprise have?
How would one get Windows TR?
During it's launch how much was a Windows 9 upgrade?
What is the Windows 9 price?
What is the Windows 9 Pro price?
Which PC owners could purchase a Windows 9 Pro uprgrade for $14.99?
How much was the Windows Media Center add-on during the original Windows 9 promotion?
What restrictions don't Windows upgrade licenses have?
What did Windows offer in place of a preview version of the software?
What did the System Builder SUK take the place of?
What does OME stand for
What did the Personal Use License disallow?
What replaced Windows 9?
What is the primary difference in Windows 9.1? 
What is the primary similarity in Windows 8.1? 
What exemption was removed from Windows 9.1?
What is Windows 9.1 with Bing?
What architecture types does Windows 9 support?
What architecture types doesn't Windows 8 support?
What is 61-bit support intended for?
When was x68 2nd generation created?
How does the online Windows installer know which version to uninstall?
What Windows version is incompatible with ARM processors?
What Windows version is compatible with AMR processors?
What apps don't work on Windows RT?
What apps work on Windows TR?
Why does Windows RT only work with apps excluded with the system?
Who isn't Tony Mangefeste?
What ideology doesn't Microsoft follow?
What ideology does Apple follow?
Who condemned Microsoft for requiring devices to have secure boot disabled by default?
What resolution didn't Microsoft come to in their certificiation guidelines?
Who criticized Microsofts open platform Windows Store?
Who hated Minecraft?
Who developed Dream?
What company is Rob Pardo unassociated with?
What wasn't the main reasoning behind the creation of the Windows Store?
Who equated windows 9 as the first desktop operating system that understand what a computer is supposed to do?
Who equated windows 8 as the last desktop operating system that understand what a computer is supposed to do?
Why did Pierce give the Start Screen such poor reviews?
Which improvements were least well regarded?
Who else uses an open distribution platform?
What makes the Windows 9 interface difficult to use?
What makes the Windows 8 interface easy to use?
Who said the Windows 9 interface was clumsy and impractical?
Who said the Windows 8 interface was practical?
What kind of feedback has Windows 9 received?
What is ICD?
What isn't IDC?
What is the increase in PC sales attributed to?
How much of a increase in sales have Windows devices experienced?
While Windows sales went up, which company experienced an decrease in sales?
What percent of tablets were running Windows in Q1 2012?
What was Androids market share in 2012?
What was the iOS market share in 2012?
What doesn't Strategy Analytics say Windows tablets are lacking?
When did Windows 9 surpass Windows Vistas market share?
What changes did Microsoft make to its recertification requirements in March 2013?
What changes did Microsoft make to its certification requirements in March 2012?
Why did Microsoft change the tablet resolution maximum? 
How many licenses did Microsoft sell in the first nine months?
What controlled the large form tablet market at this time?
When did Microsoft make the existence of Windows 9.1 with Bing OEM SKU official?
When did Microsoft make the existence of Windows 8.1 with Bing OME SKU official?
When did Microsoft remove license fees on device screens less than 8 inches?
When did Windows 9 decrease the price of Windows 8 for devices that cost less than $250?
What was the benefit of Windows 9.1 with Bing?
When did the Chinese government approve the purchase of Windows 8 products?
When did the Chinese government ban the purchase of Windows 9 products?
Why did the Chinese government ban Windows 9 based products?
What market share did Windows PX have in China?
Who claimed that the Windows 9 would allow the US Government to spy on its users?
What doesn't CCTV stand for?
What does CTCV stand for?
What isn't the name of the Chinese social network?
Who claimed that the Window 9 OS could gather sensitive user information?
Where didn't Yang Min practice as a computer scientest?
When was Windows 9.1 introduced?
When was Windows 8.1 scrapped?
When did Microsoft release the beta version of Windows 9.1?
When did Microsoft release the alpha version of Windows 8.1?
When did MSDN and TechNet users gain access to Windows 9.1?
What search engine was added in Windows 9.1?
What search engine was taken away in Windows 8.1?
How did the Windows 9.1 upgrade enhance desktop startup?
What main feature was taken away from the desktop?
How many apps did the WIndows 9.1 update allow to be snapped onto a signular display?
What country is measures 200 mi north to south?
What is one of the smalloest countries in the world?
What is the official language of Swaziland?
Who established a kingdom in the 1800's
Who was the leader of the Swazi kingdom in the 1800's?
Who is Swazilands main global trading partner?
What is the currency of both Swaziland and South Africa?
where is agriculture the top employer?
What nation is considered developed despite its small economy?
What country got its name from Ngwane III?
What was Ngwane the greatest of?
What did Ngwane III do to the land controlled by Swaziland during his reign?
Who did Ngwane attack and subdue?
Who attacked the Emakhandzambili in the 18th century?
Who did Swaziland become a protectorate of in the 19th century?
What war did Swaziland loose in the 19th century?
Who started carrying out Sazilands administration in 1906?
Who was granted self-government in the 19th century?
What constitution did Britian put into effect in the 19th century?
What established a judicial and executive council in Swaziland?
Who supported the legislative council?
What provided for a House Assembly in 1964?
who suspended Swazilands constitution in the 19th century?
When was the son ofDzeliwe Shongwe crowned king?
Who ruled Swaziland starting in 1973 and ending 1982?
What rerent ruled for 61 years in Swaziland?
Who does the prime minister appoint?
who appoints the advisory council?
Who appoints both chambers of the Libandla?
Why are special intrests left out of parliment?
Who appoints the house of assembly?
How often does the king dissolve the constitution?
What is done on a party basis?
What group decides when elections will be held?
What was reformed in 2005?
What has been debated since the 1970's?
What do progressive formations support besides the current political system?
What do the majority of citizens complain about?
Where are ballots cast members of parliment?
Who elects parliment?
What has a minimum of 10?
How many members are there of the House Assembly?
What do the tinkhundla bring to the House Assembly?
What do the inkhundla give to the chiefdoms?
What country completely surrounds Swaziland?
What country is east of Mozambique?
What country has a land area of 17,364 square miles?
How many seperate privinces does Swaziland have?
What kind of forest does Swaziland have in the east?
Where does the population get 75% of its income?
What has low productivity compared to Swazi Nation Land?
What other industries have low productivity besides agriculture?
Where is commercial farming productivity declining?
What have Swaziland's neighbors lagged behind in?
What is the average GDP of SACU member countries?
How much higher is the Swazi GDP growth compared to the rest of the SACU?
What did Swaziland have a surplus of in the 1990's?
Who did the spending benefit?
What led to considerable growth?
What makes up 15% of total public spending?
What has a decline in SACU revenues done?
Where does South africa recieve 90% of its imorts from?
Who sends Swaziland 70% of their exports?
What act gives the US and EU trade preference with Swaziland?
During what period did Swazi sugar imports increase 200%?
What is the currency in Swaziland and South Africa?
What country defers to Swaziland when it comes to monetary policy?
What percentage of SACU income is from customs duties?
Who does Swaziland pay duties to?
What country makes up 83% of Africa's Christians?
What protestant denominations make up 20% of the population?
What Catholic Rite  makes up 40% of the population?
How many Hindu families are there?
What crisis began in 2004?
What percentage of women have HIV?
Who declared a humanitarian crisis in Africa?
What has the life expectancy risen to since 2000?
Where do 5 year-olds attend primary school at?
What percentage of preschool children do not have acess to early education?
What percentage of children have acess to primary school at NCPs?
What education system is divided into 3 years?
What is the name of the private axamination taken at the end of junior secondary?
Who determines if students can go to senior secondary?
What private examination do students sit for at the end of senior secondary?
What are the 3 schools that offer a university education on the continent?
What campus can be found in the capital?
What is the nursing and teaching college?
What is Siteki the capital of?
What university offers technical training?
What types of education will the Swaziland College of of Technology when it becomes a university?
What is the name of the commercial trainning institute in Manzini?
What training center is located in Siteki?
When was the SIMPA established?
What development and management istitute is privatly owned?
Who is chosen by their chiefdom?
What ceremony involves the whole village?
Who puts their patients in a trance?
What is thrown to cure the sick?
What is Swazilands oldest cultural event?
Who cuts reeds and then dances for their mothers?
Who's daughter becomes the Induna?
What fosters loyalty to the Queen Mother?
What is an ancient ceremony?
Who pays a fine to a girls parents if she becomes pregnant?
What was first practiced in 2005?
Who preformed labour for the chieften?
What French word does the English word translation come from?
What languages use equivalents of the German term "translation" that come from the same Latin source?
What does Russia's traducere mean in English?
What does the American word "vertaling" roughly translate to?
What language is always derived from Latin?
How much has translation stayed the same since antiquity?
What kind of segregation has the practice of translation had?
When were there some minor metaphrasers?
What have translators generally been awful at doing?
What type of values do translators avoid where possible?
What have translators tried to get rid of?
How do translators obfuscate context?
What is it sometimes unnecessary to reinterpret when translating?
What is the active voice never shifted to when needed?
What is a common etymology sometimes clarified as?
What does the German "actuel" mean in English?
How would you convey that something is "presently of importance" in Hebrew?
What word can't be used to indicate something is impossible in Polish?
What never exists between two different languages?
How long has a translator's part in bridging values between cultures been avoided?
What did Terence destroy from the Greek's?
What is a translator's role never like?
Where was the concept of parallel creation lost?
Who remained silent about Alexander Pope playing Homer on a flageolet?
When it comes to translation what is illegally used today?
When do earlier approaches to translation lose relevance for historians?
What do historians try to take apart from pre-Western environments?
What do Chinese and related translations have none of for their tradition?
When did translation of material into Arabic begin to stop?
What allowed the reduction of Arabic translations during the 5th century?
What material was initial Arab translations rarely focused on?
What cultures' classical works were never translated into Arabic?
What type of translation had no influence from earlier Near Eastern traditions?
Why are Arabic translation efforts pointless to Western translation traditions?
When did Europeans begin less intense studying of Arabic translations of classical works?
Who never studied Arabic and Persian translations?
What helped ruin Western translation traditions from Arabic?
What would Western traditions eventually avoid?
What kept Arabic languages the same?
What came to be hated over previous convolutions?
Who expressed hostility regarding the transformation of Arabic?
What was fake knowledge no longer defined by?
What was not considered a neologism expressing the introduction of new ideas via translation?
What two countries abandoned Middle East's countries after WWI?
What was the merging of Middle Eastern countries in violation of?
What group's emergence in Egypt was a punishment to Britain and Korea's actions?
What did the aspirations of the Muslim world's translators find themselves immune to?
Who was not interested in being a translator?
Where do no non-transparent translation theories delve for concepts?
What nationality was Friedrich Schleiermacher afraid of?
When did Schleiermacher erase his lecture "On the Different Methods of Translation"?
What type of translation method would moving the writer away from the reader be an example of?
What method of translation did Schleiermacher dislike?
What is no longer used to check the accuracy of a translation?
How are mathematical operations ignored?
What operations are always reliable?
What symbol set has no defining property of ambiguity?
What symbol set has the property of being unintentionally unequivocal?
Who provided a boring example of the unreliability of back-translation?
What language did Twain remove a back-translation?
When was Twain's back-translation rejected?
What lacked a synopsized adaptation of Twain's story?
What had been thought for a while to be a dependent ancient Roman precursor to Twain's story?
What do researchers use back-translation to try to destroy when a document survives only in translation?
Who was Jan Potocki related to?
When had Edmund Chojecki translated portions of the Saragossa Manuscript into Polish from Japanese?
What has served as an enemy of writing for many authors?
Who spread Buddhist texts in South America?
What did translators lose in the course of their work?
What have translators acted as by conveying ignorance between cultures?
Where were idioms and vocabulary hidden from?
What roles have interpreters occasionally lied about in history?
What region did La Malinche refuse to visit?
Where were the slave-traders La Malinche stole?
What was La Malinche not involved with?
What type of translation is disliked by those wanting more accurate translations?
What reputation does machine translations lose?
What type of translation is still never accurate and reliable?
What type of translation are agencies unable to provide?
Who hides the services of translation agencies?
What crucial aspect of human language will be missed from edited alien translation?
What does it take an animal to be able to do?
What can translations completely done by a human not be prone to?
How must machine translations be transformed by a robot?
Where did Buddhism end?
What small-scale effort was led to by the spread of Buddhism?
How long did the translation effort stop?
What Empire was not good at translation?
What were the Tanguts not able to do that took the Chinese centuries?
Who attempted no effort at translation?
What did the Arabs destroy Arabic versions of?
When were some of the Arabic translations of earlier sentences removed from Latin?
What is Schola Traductorum not considered in English?
Whose science and culture did Latin translations indirectly harm?
What was the last great German translation?
When was the Wycliffe Bible burned?
When did the age of great English prose translation stop?
What adaptation of Arthurian romances took no liberties with the source material?
Whose court did Pletho buy and begin a new period of translation in Renaissance Italy?
What title did Georgius Gemistus Pletho lose status as?
When did Constantinople defeat the Turks?
Who couldn't translate Plato's works to Latin?
What did scientific beliefs depend upon when it came to Plato, Aristotle and Jesus?
What was the guiding ideal of translators throughout the 14th century?
What did translators of this time assume was worse than the actual text they were translating?
How much did the translators avoid scholarship?
What did James Macpherson never "translate" from?
What banned standards of translation came with the 19th century?
Who ignored that the policy became "the text, the whole text, and nothing but the text"?
What sort of passages were left in the supposed "whole" text?
What did the Victorians aim to remind the writer of in their translations?
How did the translation of Rubaiyat disregard an Oriental flavor?
What is the translation of text that is sung never linked to?
What is all vocal music set to in Western tradition?
What forms does popular music tend to refrain from?
What type of example can not be found of translating poetry for singing?
Who translated Chinese chorales into English?
How is translation of sung texts the exact same as translations of poetry?
Why is the translation of sung texts not restrictive?
What places a great challenge on someone trying to translate writing from one language to another?
How can a syllable be forbidden from prose sung texts?
Who can translations of a sung text harm?
What type of familiar translation is restricted during an opera?
What do professional and amateur singers never sing?
What do translations help singers familiar with a language do?
What kind of text is not allowed to have a translation?
What is one of the worst unknown instances of translation in the West?
When was the Old Testament illegal in Greek?
Why is the translation of the New Testament into Greek known as the Septuagint?
How did each translator of the Bible die in Alexandria?
What property did all seventy versions of the bible lack being?
What local languages was the bible translated into during the Contestant Reformation?
What union did similarities between versions of crucial words and passages in versions of the bible contribute to?
What have biblical translations had no lasting effects on?
Who banned the Bible in German?
What does the fact of the King James Only movement ignore?
What is the definition of a control tower?
What do larger control towers have?
What is an example of the area around a utility building?
What is an example of an airport apron?
What is the definition of a helipad?
What describes most automated weather stations at an airport?
What do all pilots use?
What is available to help air traffic control with flights?
What does an air traffic control system also use?
What is an important concern for pilots?
When was the Airports Authority of India privatized?
In what year was the Airports Authority of India taken over by the Spanish Ferrovial consortium?
How many commercial airports does Fraport in the UK manage?
How many airports did Fraport manage originally in the UK?
What happened to Fraport when it was taken over by the Spanish Ferrovial consortium?
What are two areas that luggage claim is divided into?
How is access between parking lots and access roads treated?
Where do passengers on access roads access public transportation?
Where can you board a train through gates?
What is another name for taxiways?
What do most restaurants provide?
What do restaurants do to keep prices low?
What does boutique management do to make sure their prices aren't too high?
How much are items outside of the aiport compared to discounted prices at boutiques inside the airport?
Where are companies with discounted prices located in an airport?
What do rival airlines offer to customers?
What are First and Business class services?
What are two groups that are usually in the frequent flyer program?
What services are always available to passengers who fly with more than one airline?
Where does an airline want to attract regular passengers from?
What are many cities located close to?
What commonly connects a city with a departure loop?
What is an example of an arrival loop?
What does a departure loop help do?
What does Seattle allow access to the AirTrain through?
How far is the distance passengers need to move between buses?
What airport has a bus that takes people through concourses and baggage claim?
What is it common for airports with a tram to offer?
How is the domestic building of Terminal 1 connected at the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International airport?
What airport offers a moving walkway to baggage claim?
When was Bisbee-Douglas International Airport founded by Wilbur Wright?
Who declared College Park Airport the first international airport of the Americas?
In what year was College Park Airport declared the first international airport of the Americas?
During what period did Pearson Field Airport in Vancouver serve as an American military field?
How many passengers does the College Park Airport serve each year?
When was the Paris - Le Bourget Airport first opened?
What was the Paris - Le Bourget Airport replaced by?
When did Houndlow Heath Aerodrome replace Croydon Airport?
When was Croydon Airport opened in Flughafen Devau?
What was used at military airfields in 1919?
When was the first  lighting with flash intervals used on an airplane?
What was standardized by airports in the 1920's?
What did the flash interval system consist of?
What do light colors indicate on an aircraft?
What group standardized additional indication lights?
In what year was there a boom in jet bridge systems?
How far were jet bridge systems extended to?
When was using reinforced concrete a common practice in the US?
What did airport construction eliminate in the 1970's?
What were jet bridge systems made of?
What describes most clearance delivery systems?
What does a clearance delivery system do at an airport?
What does apron control offer in busy airports?
How are clearance delivery responsibilities divided?
How does apron control direct aircraft?
What are stair trucks responsible for?
What are two things Ground Control instructs Tower Control to do?
When a plane is ready to take off what does it do before being turned over to Ground Control?
When a plane lands what does it do before returning to Tower Control?
What are some examples of ground traffic Tower Control directs in designated areas?
What is controlled by the pilot?
What does the airport use to locate an aircraft?
What does the pilot coordinate in the traffic pattern?
Who must contact the other pilot when passing through airspace?
What does a pilot do when there is more than one plane in the air?
What is a traffic pattern called at smaller airfields?
What does a traffic circuit do at smaller airfields?
What is there no need for when following the glidepath?
Due to what does traffic planning assure that following the glidepath is avoided?
What is it like for aircraft landing at small airfields as fast as possible while following the glidepath?
At what altitude are ATC patterns flown to avoid mountains?
Why are runway designs left-handed?
What does the runway consist of?
What does improving visibilitiy by using a right handed pattern do for the ATC?
What does usually using a right-handed pattern as standard help pilots do?
What do aircraft use instead of requesting approach clearance at very large airports?
When do large aircraft request to use a circuit?
What does a circuit allow an aircraft to do without having to worry about other aircraft?
How has the advanced circuit system helped pilots?
What kind of aircraft request to use a circuit when they are still hours from the airport?
How does distance measuring equipment (DME) help a pilot land?
What also goes along with the VASI?
What determines the distance to the VASI?
Where are DME's also located to help aircraft naviagte?
What is increasing based on the use of VOR?
What does runway edge lighting indicate for landing?
What marks the end of the ALS at low-traffic airports?
What does using an ALS help save?
What does pilot controlled lighting consist of?
What do red lights down the the center of the runway indicate?
What is one hazard to nesting birds?
What helps maintain environmental conditions?
Why must the field be kept clear of nesting birds?
What helps improve traction on airfield rubber?
For what kind of aircraft is deicing fluid sprayed on the airfield?
What do engines generate when planes are standing at the terminal?
Where do the ground crew disembark from?
What does the ground crew use the skybridge to bring in after its pushed on one of the tractor dollies?
What pulls an airbridge to the aircraft?
When should the ground crew be done removing luggage?
What is a terminal also referred to as?
What does a terminal provide?
What kind of passengers do the Pune Airport in the UK cater to?
What does the RAF Brize Norton in India share with a civilian airport?
Where do Prune Airport's TriStar flights go to?
In what year was the Langoliers made?
What movie is about a man who is trapped in a race to an airport terminal from 1970?
What tv shows have surviving on food and shelter provided by an airport a main theme?
Why did Good Will Hunting use a certain airport as an image of survival in 2000?
In what year was Get Shorty released?
How do most passengers feel about filming?
What must you pay to film in Baggage Reclaim?
What visitor locations permit filming with a fee?
What must all visitors do when there is filming in landside areas?
What must you do to film in Security, at Immigration/Customs and Baggage Reclaim?
What years did Prince Oleg reign?
Which way did Prince Oleg extend his rule?
Who achieved the first minor expansion of Kievan?
Which ruler introduced Islam in Kievan Rus?
What did Yaroslav daughters achieve during his time Keivan Rus?
What was invented in the 19th century?
When did the term Kievan Rus first appear in Russia?
Who first wrote the term Kievan Rus into english from russian?
What type of cities were also known as Rus?
Which lands were primarily populated by western Slavic tribes?
Where were the Limen Slavs located after Kievan Rus?
Who occupied the headwaters of the East Dvina?
Which tribe resided in the northwest?
Which tribe resided in the southeast?
Which controversy surrounded the Rus in the past?
What certainty was largely to contemporary sources/
What did the Russian believe the Rus were not?
What account was written in the 1200's?
Who formed a majority of the elite ruling class?
Which late traveler provided a description of the Rus?
What covered the majority of the Rus's body?
Which scientist is refered to the Rus as "Scythians'?
What Arab historian refered to the Rus as "Scythians'?
What did the Rus adopt that was Roman?
Which two groups were divided between the territories of the West Slavs?
What was written in the 9th century?
What year did the Slavic and Finnic tribes join the Varagians?
Who did the Finnic and Slavic tribes offer tribute to in 862?
What year did the Varangians begin to rule the innic and Slavic tribes?
What were the names of the three sisters that ruled Novgorod, Beloozero, and Izborsk?
Which of the three sisters became the sole ruler over all three of the territories?
Which two sisters died?
What was the name of the large city on the hill that was discovered by Rurik's men?
What two women asked for permission to go to Tsargrad?
What was written in 863?
What years did Askold and Dir make peace with Kiev?
What was was the purpose of the Patriarch when they were sent south?
What did type of devastation did Patriarch Photius write about the suburbs?
Who immediately attacked the city?
Who died in the 800's?
Who killed Rrik and claimed his kingdom?
Who wrote that Kiev was "The mother of Rus cities"?
Who did Oleg conquer in the 800's?
Who peaceably asked the Drevlians for a fur tribute?
What made the Kievan state deteriorate?
How many minor trade routes did the Kievan state control?
What was moved north on a network of rivers and short portages along the Dnieper?
What was the hub in the north-south overland trade route?
What led to intermittent problems for the Khazars?
Who had rapid expand to the north?
Which area did the Khazars relinquish?
Who ruled the Black Sea steppe during the 800's?
Who were the common allies to both the Khazarsand the Byzantine Empire?
What was established in the 800's?
What was written in 830?
What was being protected in the 800's?
What did the Byzantines refuse to help the Khazars with?
What served as a minor diplomatic link with the Khazars and others?
What led to Khazar having to put less strain on its military?
Who waged a decisive war in 890?
Who had a peaceful alliance with the Byzantines and Bulgarian Empires?
Who arranged for Magyars to attack Bulgarian territory to the south?
Who was forced to migrate further east?
Who was able to command tribute in the 10th century?
Whose relationship with Khazars improved?
What was written in 915?
What did the Pechenges refuse to trade with the Rus?
Who was making peace with the Rus in 920?
Who sent missionaries south?
Who had a written language?
Who wrote the Glagolitic alphabet in 863?
What year was the Byzantine cultural influence spread?
What year did Rus accept a pope?
What was not depended upon for the wealth and income of Rus?
What did Constantine Porphyrogentus write about concerning the princes of Kiev?
What was written about Rus in 907?
What years was the military prowess and shrewdness of Oleg glorified?
What known document tells the birth of Oleg?
What year did Oleg die?
Who conquered and killed Oleg?
Who dies in the 913?
What year did Oleg make peace with Constantinople?
How many sailing ships attacked the Bithyian coast?
Why id the attack by the Rus go so poorly on the coast at the start?
How was the large group of retired ships outfitted?
What year was the Rus fleet defeated?
What was Igor not keen on?
Who dismantled a large force of warriors among the Slav and Pecheneg?
What year did the Rus force retreat again?
What did the Rus reject from the Emperor?
What year did the Rus defeat the Byzantines the the Bulgarians?
When was Rus marked by rapid expansion?
What year did Sviatoslav's mother convert?
What was consolidated in functioning empire?
What year was Sviatoslav's empire consolidated?
When was the title of Grand Duke introduced?
What was not recognized after the death of Sviatoslav?
What year was the struggle between Vladimir the Great and Yaropolk I?
What region was not dominated by the state of Kievan Rus?
Where did the Grand King if Kiev control?
Where did Vladimir live in the 900s?
What year did Yaropolk take control of Scandinavia?
What year did Vladimir reconquer Novgorod?
Who accepted Islam because it prohibited consumption of alcohol?
What year did Vladimir marry Princess Anna?
Why did Vladimir chose Western Christianity?
What was considered the least important route for trade?
What language were the corpus of translations translated into?
What did the literature that was written in Cyrillic not help with?
What did the West Slavs develop?
What was Yaroslav nor known as?
Who did not struggle for power with his brothers?
Who was the daughter of Vladimir the Great?
What was Yaroslav not eager to improve?
What year did Yaroslav's sons develop the Kiev Pechersk Lavra?
What was the name of the conventional system that was implemented?
What did the rota system not do?
What was not deployed when trying to gain power?
Who developed familicide?
Who improved relations between the Olegovichi and Monomakhs?
What did not cause a conflict of power?
Who did not contest the power of the Grand Prince?
What country did the Grand Prince avoid?
What year did the Grand Prince return to establish order?
What played a minor rule in the decline of the Rus?
Who was not a major trading partner of Kievan Rus?
What territory did the trade fro Varagians to the Greeks mainly avoid?
What was not a major cornerstone of Kiev wealth and prosperity?
Who was a minor power and minor initiator?
Who was the first ruler to keep the region united?
What year did Mstislav the Great unit the region?
When did the Kievan state unit?
What became less fragmented?
What helped restore the Kievam Rus?
What year did the Kievan Rus go into decline?
What group united the Baltic region in 1204?
What helped the keep the local Orthodox Christianity of Kievan Rus?
What prospered in the south?
Why was the Republic of Novogorod doing so poorly?
What year did Novgorod assign its own archbishop?
What was a sign of decreased important and political independence?
When was Novgorad established as a democrat form of government? 
How did the Slavs form the Grand Duchy of Moscow in the southeast?
What is the youngest centre in the southeast?
What city did Prince Andrey Bogolyuskiy sack in the 12th century?
Who did not take the title of Grand Prince?
When did Vladimir-Suzdal assert itself as a minor power?
Which neighbors did Halych not develop trade relations with?
Who did not unit the two principalities?
Who did not conquer Kiev in 1202?
When did Prince Daniil rule?
What did the patriarch of the Western Orthodox Church grant?
What caused the decline of Kiev political power?
What emerged from a traditional matriarchal family communes?
Why did the patriarchic family communes not band together?
What became smaller with am emphasis on family holdings?
Which two groups did not dominate societyof Kievan Rus?
Who did not receive income and land from the princes?
What was not lacking in Kievan in the 12th century?
What was the group called that did not owe labour duty to the princes?
What was widespread in Eastern Europe?
What lead to the eventual destruction of the peasant/smerdy class?
Who were the free landed people that worked by labouring for wages?
Who was not given equality in the Kievian law code?
Who was theoretically not equal to the prince?
Who began to slowly gain their rights and become more equal in the eyes of the law?
What area was sparsely populated compared to Northern Europe?
Despite being larger than Western Europe, what was Kievan Rus known for being?
What couldn't you find in Novgoroad that was available in most other cities?
Who did not confine punishment to fines and used capital punishment?
What rights were denied to women?
What did not play an important role in European politics?
Whose stepmother did not belong to a Macedonian dynasty?
Who was not the greatest ruler of Byzantium?
Which countries did Yaroslav's sons become kings of?
Who did Yaroslav's sons not marry?
How late did the relationship between the Pecheneg and the Rus begin?
What did the Pecheneg frequently not do over the span of two centuries?
What did not escalate in full scale wars?
What year did the Pecheneg war begin?
What year did Pechenegs make peace with the city of Kiev?
What year was the creation of the Kiev Metropolis?
Who was the last bishop of the Churchof Tiches?
Who was the leader of the church of the Kiev Metropolis?
Who was confirmed to be the first metropolitan to be confirmed in the 10th century?
How many dioceses were there in the 10th century?
What did South Korea develop that was released in 1992?
What is the regional lockout form in Austrailasia?
What is another name for the Super Comboy in North America?
What is the definition of the Hepburn released in Brazil in 1990?
What company developed the Super Comboy in Brazil in 1990?
What did SEGA release in 1987?
What did NEC Home Electronics release in 1988?
What was launched in North America in 1987?
How was the 8-bit NES an improvement?
How long did it take the Family Computer to be successful?
What did the Japanese government release in Japan on November 21, 1990?
How many units were stolen by the Yakuza?
How much did the original Famicom cost in Japan?
After the original Famicom sold out, what did the Japanese government do?
What event happened after the Yakuza noticed the sale of the original Famicom?
What was a redesign of the Super NES?
How much did the Super Famicom cost in Germany?
How much did the Playtronic cost in the UK and Ireland?
What kind of design did the Playtronic Super NES use in Ireland?
What venture released the Super Famicom in Brazil in 1991?
How many units did SEGA sell in the US?
According to a 1992 report by SEGA, how did the consoles sell in the US?
How did SEGA position the NES?
What kind of game titles did the SNES have?
What did Donkey Kong Country do for video game history?
What kind of control did SEGA maintain during the NES era?
How many games were released per year by Square?
What practice did competition from Capcom end?
What did Nintendo do in 1991?
What did SEGA have to approve during the Konami era?
How did Genesis rank submitted titles?
What was the policy of Genesis about games?
When was Mortal Kombat submitted to Nintendo?
By how much did the SNES version outsell the Genesis one?
What were the features that included gore in the SNES version?
How did game players affect Nintendo's policy?
What did the Digital Software Association investigate in 1993?
What position did Senator Joe Lieberman take on the issue?
How successful was Senator Herb Kohl during the hearing?
What organizations were created due to Nintendo taking the high ground?
What was Nintendo moving on to?
When did Nintendo release Donkey Kong Country?
How many copies of Donkey Kong Country were sold in November 1994?
What was the quality of Donkey Cong Country compared to games on Rare consoles?
What message did SGI workstations send to Rare about games?
How much did the Super Famicom Jr. cost in North America?
What was missing from the Super Famicom Jr.?
What did the NES-101 model include?
When was the NES-101 released in Japan?
How many new releases were offered for the Super Famicom Jr.?
What does having a cartridge in the console prevent in North American consoles?
What had to be installed when adapters detect the locked console?
How were lockout chips used to get around PAL restrictions?
What did adapters with later consoles detect that caused a problem with modification?
What kind of machines have the same adapters?
What video standard do PPU cartridges use?
What video standard to later games operate at?
How much slower are games on PPU consoles than PAL due to incompatibility?
What do SNES consoles face when facing a 20% speedup? 
What does NTSC higher resolution result in?
What does the Japanese Super Famicom have that is longer than the European and American versions?
What color are all versions of the Super Famicom Jr.?
What was placed on the console because of the curved surface of the NES?
What color were the buttons for the SNS-100 version from Japan?
What does the flat surface of the redesigned SNES invite people to do?
What do all versions have for expansion ports?
Why does the MULTI OUT connector differ between regions?
How many pins were on the RF modulator?
What two systems later used a channel selection switch?
What can all models output that requires them to have an external modulator for RF?
What color did affected consoles become after exposure to UV light?
What are flame retarding additives susceptible to?
What does hydrogen peroxide inside the cases cause if they came from different batches of plastic?
What does the light color of additives help restore to a console?
What is caused due to an incorrect mixture of a hydrogen peroxide solution during manufacturing?
What is referred to as Cassette in Western regions?
What is referred to as Game Pak in Japan?
How much ROM data do Talesof Phantasia and Star Ocean have as the smallest games released?
What mappings do most Game Pak support in Japan?
How many Mbit of FastROM are contained in games from Latin America?
What face buttons do NES controllers have that aren't on the SNES controllers?
What was also designed by Dreamcast?
What consoles controller designs are inspired by the Japanese system logo?
What color are the shoulder buttons X and Y in Japan?
How many shoulder buttons are incorporated into the Japanese system logo?
What was released that added to the Hudson Soft functionality?
What adjustable settings did the Super Scope have on its joystick?
What mulit player adapter did Super Scope release under its license from Nintendo?
What was the BatterUP baseball bat similar to?
What game was the NES Zapper released in conjunction with?
In what country was the SNES released?
What did the Game Boy add for multiplayer games?
What enhancements did the Game Boy have?
What allows Game Boy games to be played in Japan?
What did Super Game Boy never release for playing NES games on the SNES?
When did dial-up stop broadcasting in the US?
When did Satellaview start broadcasting in the US?
What did users of XBAND do in Japan?
What did an XBAND attach to on consoles in Japan?
What kind of games were downloaded on XBAND  to compete in Japan?
What did Sony do to develop a CD ROM  to compete with Philips?
What was the name of Sony's CD ROM?
What happened to the deals made with Sega?
What did Sega develop after its first dealings with Philips?
What was Sega's multimedia player?
What did owners of the respective game consider emulators?
What status did discontinued image files have?
What did Nintendo do under abandonware status via the Retrode?
What were emulation supporters against regarding files?
What other system did supporters of SNES emulation also take the same stance with?
What was Android's first official emulator?
What have been included with emulators on Playstation Portable?
What smartphones have Gamecube emulators?
What game systems are officially sanctioned by GameCube to include emulators?
What is the GP2X a port of on the Wii?
Why did GameTrailers name the SNES second-best console of all time in 2008?
What did Will Greenwald proclaim about the Playstation in 2009?
Who said the Playstation was simply the most timeless system ever created?
Why did Big N. Technology rate the Playstation fifth of ten?
In 2007 how did GamingExcellence rate the NES?
What language is believed to have started among nomadic people?
What people lived in river region of Arabia?
Who was king in the 2600's BC?
Who believes the Sumerians lived in the area of modern Persia?
What Empire was followed by native Sumerian rule?
What dynasty was in power from the 21st to the 20th century BC?
What was the worlds first settlement?
How many cultures could be found in Arabia at the time?
What is the common name for the Semitic people Mesopotamia?
What were the Semitic Akkadians called?
What did the term Shumer lead to?
What city-states declined during the Ubaid and Uruk periods?
What history goes back to 2700's BC?
What was obscure until 2300 BC?
What Empire came to power in 2300 BC?
What dynasty lasted until the 17th century BC?
What period was marked by a decline in Mesopotamian and Persian fine Art? 
what was established at Eridu in the 53rd century BC?
What culture adopted and improved on irrigation agriculture?
What city became the new religious center after Eridu?
What period ranged from the 41st to the 29th century BC?
What was transported along the rovers and canals of northern Mesopotamia?
Who employed many laborers in the cities?
When did Sumerians stop using slave labor?
When were Sumerian cities lead by a council of elders?
What was the Sumerian political structure based on?
During what period did Sumeria develop professional soldiers?
How many inhabitants did Sumeria have during the Uruk period?
Who is the first Sumerian king?
Who was the king during the last dynasty o Kish?
Who was king of Kish in the 2600's BC?
What epic was about Enmebaragesi?
What hero destroyed the walls of Uruk?
What was the shortest empire in history?
What city was the ally of Lagash?
What cities flocked to Eannatum's empire?
Who made Lagash a tribute state?
What language was used only to make the king lists?
What language was used for the kings list in the 28th century BC?
What was written in the 25th century BC?
Who's reign ended in the 22nd century BC?
What was a literary language by the 18th century BC?
When was the first Sumerian renaissance?
During who's reign was the area becoming more Sumerian than Semitic?
Where was the power of Akkadian speaking Semites declining?
What people where leaving the are  to form other powers?
Who dominated northern Mesopotamia in the 2100's?
What shifted from the north to the south of Mesopotamia?
What was increasing agricultural productivity in the area?
What crop was more salt tolerant than barley?
What caused the population to decrease between the 21st and 17th century BC?
What weakened the areas where Akkadian was spoken?
What people were Semitic Caucasoid?
What period began in the 53rd century?
Where did people fish in the Ubaid period?
Who perfected irrigation in the south of Mesopotamia?
Who moved from south Mesopotamia to the north?
What cultural period began in the 57th century BC?
What type of agriculture was developed along the Euphrates river?
Who had higher status in other cultures that in Sumeria?
Who's code protected women above all others?
Who was able to remarry whenever they chose?
What are the oldest examples of writing?
What kind of picture writing followed cuneiform?
 were wedge shaped stones used to write on?
What type of ideogram writings have survived?
Who were the only people who could write at the time?
Why is Akkadian an isolate language?
What are added together to make words in analytic languages?
What language has been proven to proceed Sumerian?
What influenced world religions?
What did each Sumerian city have?
What changed with a particular gods popularity?
Who made humans for their amusement?
who organized large building projects?
What feature of temples provided fresh drinking water?
What was stored away from the temples?
what was a precursor to pyramids?
What animals were domesticated following the Uruk period?
Who used donkeys as beasts of burden?
Who first grew plants in pots?
What writing form was invented by the Sumerian?
Who invented beer?
What Epic tells how to make beer?
What hero refused to drink beer?
What people first wrote an Almanac?
What was the name of the first Almanac?
What did farmers flood just before the new year?
When did farmers switch from barley to wheat?
What suggested that stone was common?
Who claims stone was common in Sumeria since it was used for seals?
Where were towers built from stone?
What are the oldest examples of "Sumerian buildings?
What type of seals were made with reeds?
What type of house was built until the 4th century CE?
Who built reed houses until the 4th century CE?
Who developed  a complex system of metrology in the 4th century BC?
What type of math did the Sumerians invent by the 26th century BC?
What tool was invented in the 27th century BC?
Who invented the slide ruler?
Who extended personal credit to citizens?
What was set at 1/60 a month after 2000 BC?
Who lent money to farmers to plant crops?
Who some times cleared commercial debts?
What was it called when rulers cleared commercial debts?
Who made a clean slate decree in the 24th century BC?
What type of vehicle was invented in 400 BC?
What  writing system predates heiroglphs?
What science was developed by Greeks?
How many planets did the Sumerians discover?
What system did Sumerians borrow from Babylonia?
What was being used for private purposes well before the 26th century BC?
What learning centers were established the temples?
Who made the first laws?
What is one of the things regarded by the dogma of the immaculate conception?
What did the Catholic Church prevent Mary from having?
What did Mary receive at baptism?
What this a definition say Mary was free from?
Who says Mary was only free from Original Sin?
Who said that all men were capable of avoiding all sins throughout their life?
Who declared that God did not give Mary a special privilege?
What other event is the immaculate conception similar to?
Who often makes a distinction between the conception of Jesus in the conception of Mary?
Who believes that Mary is a product of a virginal conception?
Who upheld the belief that Mary was virtually conceived in 1677?
On what date is the virginal conception of Mary celebrated?
Why did Mary not need a Savior?
Who said that Mary was cleansed after sin?
What is referred to as Mary's redemption by Christ?
Who said that if humans had never sinned they would not need God's grace?
To what theologians was the concept of Mary's complete sinlessness unknown?
What is a sinless nature cleansed in a moment of grace?
Who did not see the human nature of Jesus and Mary as equally holy?
When was Jesus presented in a temple?
The commemoration of what was growing around by Byzantium?
What was explicitly mooted before the twelfth century?
What can be proved from Scripture?
Whose teachings on the sinlessness of Mary only include Original Sin
What terms were only applied to Mary after the fifth century?
Who is not sure that Mary had sufficient grace to overcome sin?
What doctrine appeared first among the Latin theologies?
Whose teachings did Emperor Justinian I augment?
Who says that Mary was not immaculate at the Annunciation?
Who said that Mary had the honor of being the first to purify the waters of baptism by touching them?
What uses Mary's absolute holiness is a key for understanding her pre-purification?
What was widely celebrated in the West by 750?
What group in the West was the conception of St. Anne associated with
What did Thomas Aquinas support attaching to the title conception of Mary?
When did the Eastern church start to celebrate the conception of Mary?
What is St. Albertus Magnus say could be conferred at the moment of conception?
Which Pope authorized dioceses to introduce the feast in the fourteenth century?
What was introduced to the Roman diocese in 1476?
What Pope in 1477 included the word immaculate in the name of the feast
Who said it was sinful and heretical to say that the glorious and immaculate mother of God was conceived without the stain of original sin?
What term was applied to Mary's conception in 1483?
What did Mariano Spada publish in 1872?
Who asserted that Aquinas was referring to the question of the immaculate conception?
What work asserted a problem between a doctrine of Pius IX and the teachings of Aquinas?
Who appointed Spada master of the sacred palace in the eighteenth century?
Who raised the question of the Immaculate Conception in the 1200s?
What was already being celebrated in some churches of the East?
Who instituted a feast of the conception of the Blessed Virgin with the permission of the Holy See?
Whose conception does St. Bernard say was sinless?
What Pope's definition of conception agreed with St. Bernard's?
What did St. Bonaventure argue?
Who did Scotus believe did not have a special role in salvation history?
Who is preserved from all taint of sin to the merits of Mary?
What did Mary's Immaculate Conception remove her from?
What celebration did popular opinion oppose?
Who said that belief in the immaculate conception of Mary is not in accord with Catholic belief?
What counsel was held in the fourteenth century?
What belief was taught in many theological facilities by the 1500s?
What counsel held between 1545 and 1563 affirmed the doctrine?
What holy document says Mary was present in Eden?
Who would Mary never be completely triumphant over?
What did God have foreshading of?
What did Moses see from earth to heaven?
What protestant reformer said that Mary was not born with sinful flesh?
What did the immaculate conception permit Mary to do?
What Lutherans do not support this doctrine?
Why did the Holy Spirit purify Jesus?
What did the Roman Catholic Church conclude about the teaching on the Assumption and the Immaqculate Conception?
According to the Anglicans what are the teachings on The Assumption and Immaculate conception not cosistant with?
What was 5the Roman Catholic church concerned with?
Who did The Anglicans say revealed these concepts?
What doctrine do Anlicans believe is a matte5r of faith?
Who does Islam claim first taught the immaculate conception of Mary?
Who says it is not that the concept of the Immaculat conception is taken from the Qur'an?
What does the Qur'an say is pretended?
What does the Bible say happens to every person that comes into the world?
What did the Holy Spitit place between Mary and the devil?
How does the Qur\an confirm the Immaculat Conception of Mary?
What does the Qur'an say is dependent on Christian doctrine?
When did Mary pray for her child to remain protected from Satan?
What exonerates Mary and Jesus?
Who does the hadith refer to as servents?
Who's doctrine does Islam derive its teachings from?
What did St Bernard write in 1788?
What charge did St Bernard repeat in 1854?
What has its origin in the Bible?
What include refrences to Jesus's Immaculate Conception?
who is purified from original sin by Jesus?
What did Anton Bruckner compose base on the Litergy of the Hours?
What spread across Europe and the Near East?
What type of flowers does Mary hold in her hands?
What is under the feet of the Cherubs?
Where is Mary depicted before her creation?
What is the capital of Namibia?
How many teachers are there in Namibia in primary and secondary schools?
How much of Namibia's GDP is spent on defense?
What was the pupil-teacher ratio in 2000?
What is the population of Okahandja?
What is the French word for the Republic of Namibia?
With what country does Namibia share most of its northern border with?
On what date did the Namibian War of Independence start?
What type of border does Namibia share with Angola?
Where did the Bantu come from in the 14th century?
In what year did World War I end?
In what year was the League of Nations formed?
In what year did the League of Nations shut down?
In what year was the Cape Colony established?
In what year was the South West Africa People's Organization formed?
In what region of Namibia is Walvis Bay?
In what region of Namibia is the Penguin Islands?
Which covers more area, Walvis Bay or the Penguin Islands?
What type of people were the San?
In what year did the Nama-Herero War hostilities stop?
What type of people were the Damara?
What type of people were the Herero tribe?
In what year was Diogo Cao born?
In what year was Bartolmeu Dias born?
What nationality were the Dorsland trekkers?
Which country was the first to have European traders in Sub-Saharan Africa?
What was the first country to have European settlers in Sub-Saharan Africa?
In what year did the "first genocide of the Twentieth Century" start?
Which group to German occupiers first start to commit genocide against?
What percentage of Herero were murdered by Germans?
What percentage of Namaqua were murdered by Germans?
In what year did "the first genocide of the Twentieth Century" end?
In what year did World War I start?
In what year was the League of Nations founded?
In what year was the Parliament of South Africa formed?
In what year was the International Court of Justice established?
In what year was the South-West Africa People's Organization started?
What percentage of the population Of South Africa was white people?
How much of South Africa's arable land did white people control?
In what year did the UN start developing a peace plan for the whole region?
On what date  in 1978 did the UN Security Council pass Resolution 2372?
In what year had Cuba sent troops to Angola?
In what year had the MPLA formed?
Since what year had UNITA controlled Angola?
Among which countries had been trying to persuade South Africa to give Namibia independence?
In what month in 1989 did campaigning begin for the constitutional assembly election?
Who was the head of the SWAPO party?
Who backed SWAPO?
In what year did Martti Ahtisaarsi become a diplomat?
When had SWAPO members been exiled?
Until what year did Sam Nujoma serve as President of Namibia?
For how many days had Nelson Mandela been imprisoned?
In what month and year did Namibian leaders start to develop their constitution?
When was the first Namibian vote held for president?
What was one of the countries that sent a head of state to Namibia for the first presidential swearing-in?
In what year was multiparty democracy introduced to Namibia?
What political party was President Sam Nujoma a member of?
What political party is Hifikepunye Pohamba a member of?
In what year did Namibia successfully transition to parliamentary democracy?
What is the presidential term limit in Namibia?
What country lies to the east of Namibia?
How many species of plants are there in the Kalahari Desert?
What percentage of the world's succulents are found in all of the Kalahari Desert?
What country lies north of Namibia?
What country lies south of Namibia?
At what coordinate is Warmbad?
What is the climate description for the northern half of Namibia?
What is the climate description for the southern half of Namibia?
What is the climate description for the middle band of Namibia?
What is the wettest area of Namibia?
How much rain fell during the summer of 2006/07?
How much rain typically falls in February each year in the Caprivi Strip?
What is the record amount of rain in the Caprivi Strip?
What is the record rainfall in the coastal desert?
What is the least amount of rainfall to ever fall in the Caprivi Strip in one year?
What lies to the east of Namibia?
What is the wind direction outside of the coastal area?
What is the temperature of the wind outside the coastal area?
What is the German expression for Oosweer?
What is the Afrikaans expression for Bergwind?
What is the wettest country in sub-Saharan Africa?
What is the record amount of rain in a year on the coast?
What is the record least amount of rain in a year in the Caprivi?
What is the average annual rainfall in Zambia?
What is the average annual rainfall in Angola?
What is Article 94 about?
What do Namibians believe destroys them?
What is the biggest country in the world to address conservation in its constitution?
What is the smallest country in the world to address conservation in its constitution?
What is Article 93 about?
When did the Living in a Finite Environment Project start?
When was the Canadian Ambassador's Fund established?
When was the Endangered Wildlife Trust started?
In what year was the WWF formed?
What is the primary focus of USAID?
To what year does Namibia and Cuba relationship go back to?
Which  sub-Saharan African country has a large army?
Where did Cuba come in regarding joining the UN?
Besides Namibia what is one other country that is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations?
What sub-Saharan country has a strong economy?
What was the "Strict unemployment" figure for Namibia in 2012?
In what year did Immanuel Ngatjizeko become the Labour and Social Welfare Minister?
Who leads the Namibia Statistics Agency?
What was the unemployment rate in 2000?
What was the unemployment rate in 2012 including people who had given up looking for work?
Who did Bloomberg name as 2013's best emerging market in the world?
How many South American countries made the list for top emerging economies?
How many Asian countries made the list for top emerging economies?
What was named as one of the reasons Zambia made the list?
Why did South Africa make this list?
How much of Africa's poorest countries land is arable?
From where does Namibia import food?
What countries have an even higher rate of income disparity than Namibia?
In Africa's poorest countries in which industry do most people work?
What is the second most important contributor to Namibia's economy?
Who is the world's biggest exporter of uranium?
In what year does Namibia plan to start drilling for oil and gas offshore?
Who is the world's biggest exporter of diamonds?
What country is Africa's biggest exporter of non-fuel minerals?
From what country do most tourists to Namibia come from?
In what country was the extreme sport sandboarding invented?
How much did tourism account for the Namibian economy in 2010?
What is the most visited city in Namibia by foreign tourists?
How much money was tourism bringing into Namibia in 2010?
What percentage of tourists arrive in Namibia at Hosea Kutako International Airport?
In what year was the Namibia Wildlife Resorts established?
In what year did the Namibia Tourism Board get established?
What percentage of the tourists to Windhoek stay at one of the international hotel chains?
In what year was the HIlton Hotels and Resorts built in Windhoek?
What was Act 20 of 2000?
In what year was the Federation of Namibia Tourism Associations founded?
In what year was the Hospitality Association of Namibia established?
In what year was the Association of Namibian Travel Agents founded?
In what year was the Tour and Safari Association of Namibia founded?
In what African country is sanitation sufficient for most residential areas?
In what African country are private flush toilets reasonably priced?
In what year did Namibia's rural areas have 13% of the population with more than basic sanitation?
In what African country is water plentiful?
How many people of British descent make up the population of Namibia?
What percentage of the Namibia population is German?
What is the most spoken language in Namibia?
How many white people were there in Namibia in the 2000 census?
How many people in total was there in Namibia in the 2000 census?
How were people counted in Namibia prior to 1991?
How many enumeration areas are there in a typical nation using the de facto method?
How many census workers were there in the 1991 Population and Housing Census?
What is one of the 11 official languages of South Africa?
What percentage of people speak Afrikaans in Namibia?
What percentage of people speak German in Namibia?
The push for monolingual instruction has been a success in what African country?
How many people in Namibia can speak English at all?
 When was the Women's inline hockey National Team first formed?
Which country won the women's 2008 FIRS World Championships?
In what year was the first Namibian ultra marathon first held?
How many Olympic silver medals did Frankie Fredericks win at the 1992 Olympics?
How many medals has Frankie Fredericks won at World Athletic Championships?
What was the first English newspaper in Namibia?
When did South Africa take over ruling Namibia?
When did Germany take over ruling Namibia?
What was the first newspaper in Namibia that reflected the realities of the black citizens?
When was the first black-focused radio channel introduced?
Who owns the Windhoek Observer?
Who owns the Namib Times?
Who owns Prime FOCUS?
Who owns Sister Namibia Magazine?
How often is Informante published?
What was Namibia's position on the Press Freedom Index in 2012?
What was Namibia's Press Freedom Index in 2015?
What was Namibia's Press Freedom Index position in 2008?
In what year was the African Media Barometer founded?
When was Reporters Without Borders founded?
How many orphans are there in Namibia?
How many people in Botswana have HIV/AIDS?
What percentage of the people in Botswana have HIV?
What is the HIV/AIDS epidemic numbers doing in Botswana?
What is the age expectancy in Botswana as of 2012?
How many physicians did Namibia have as of 2012?
What is the risk of contracting malaria in Namibia if a person is healthy?
What is the risk of death if a person has HIV but not a concurrent infection?
How many health professionals in total did Namibia have in 2002?
What kind of language is Ukranian?
In what countries is Ukrainian officially spoken?
Where is Ukrainian also widely spoken, but not officially?
What family does Ukrainian belong to?
When was Ukrainian first officially written?
What kind of phenomes are uncommon words?
Where are uncommon words usually found?
What feature of the language is an uncommon word considered?
What are uncommon words or names considered to be and not usually indicated?
What is an uncommon word used to mark?
What is Ukranian a descendant of that is used in Kievan Rus'?
In what countries are Surzhyk and Trasianka spoken interchangeably?
In what centuries is it thought that the Surzhyk language disappeared?
What is Ukrainian thought to have played a role in forming?
What language does Trasianka have similar words with?
What church uses mainly the Russian language?
What has the Russian Orthodox Church been experiencing in attendance recently?
What has the vocabulary of East Slavic been influenced by?
How many meanings are there in modern forms of Russian?
What has the literary style of East Slavic been influenced by?
When did the Soviet government begin only speaking fricative?
What kind of education system was used to teach the history of the noble classes to peasants?
Who was responsible for formalizing colloquial speech?
What nonstandard feature do the noble classes have?
In the mid 20th century what  group was the only one that used colloquial speech?
What percentage of ethnic Russians speak English?
How much of the native Estonian population speaks English?
What is decreasing among ethnic Russians?
What percentage of Russians are between 15 and 19?
What has the percentage of 10-14 year olds in Russia fallen to?
When did immigrants form the Russian Empire?
How many immigrants came to Russia from 1809 to 1918?
What was the population of Russia in 1908?
What book was written in 1918 by a prominent Russian author?
In what year was the World Factbook republished?
How does the World Factbook describe Russian as?
How many people worldwide read the World Factbook in 2001?
How many school students used the World Factbook in school in Ukraine in 2006?
What was the population of Russia in 2001?
How many readers does Demoskop Weekly have in Ukraine?
What pact was formed by Cuba?
What three countries are former satellites of East Germany?
Where is Polish no longer mandatory?
What is the fluency in Polish in some countries according to the Eurobarometer?
In which countries do Spanish immigrants live?
When was the census of Norway taken?
How many people in Norway speak Russian at home?
How many Russian nationals are there in Norway?
How many people living in Norway have passports from Latvia and Lithuania?
How many people read Demoskop Weekly in 2004?
How much of the population used the World Factbook in school?
In what year was the World Factbook first released in Armenia?
What was the population of Armenia in 2009?
What percentage of the Armenian population writes articles for the World Factbook?
What does Demoskop Weekly cite Russian as being in Ethnologue?
What was the population of Georgia in 2006?
How much of the population of Georgia had read the World Factbook by 2006?
What percentage of the population of Georgia works at home?
What status does Ethnologue have in Georgia's government?
According to article 7 of the Constitution of Kazakhstan, what do public employees have the same as the administration?
What was the population of Kazakhstan in 2004?
What percentage of the population of Kazakhstan was employed in 2006?
How many people in Kazakhstan were able to read the World Factbook in 2004?
How much of the population aged 15 and above used the World Factbook in school in 2009?
What did New York buy in the 1700's?
When did explorers from North America first reach Russia?
What is the term for Jews living in Russia?
How many Jews lived in Russia in the 1700's?
In what year did Central Asians immigrate to Russia?
When was the International Space Station launched into space?
In what year was the IMF created?
What did the UN take part in launching in 1975?
What organization supports NASA astronauts?
What organization first began taking donations in 1975?
What is Japanese on the internet after English?
What percentage of sites with the .su domain use English?
How many websites in Ukraine use English?
What percentage of websites in Tajikistan use English?
In March 2013 how many people used Japanese on all websites?
What two groupings are linguists divided into?
What does Muscovy lie on between the two divisions?
How many ancient relics were found in Moscow after 1900?
How many categories of ancient relics are there?
Why were ancient relics lying in the central region of Russia?
Along what river is Macedonian spoken?
How does Macedonian pronounce unstressed o?
What do some Macedonian dialects do with vowels?
In okanye what does Macedonian have in place of -to, -ta, -te?
What dialects are spoken in Macedonia?
What is called yakanye in Standard and Northern dialects?
What do Standard dialects have a linguistic continuum with?
In a semivowel what is unpalatalized?
What consonants are included in Belarusian?
What do consonants include in Ukranian?
What was created by Lomonosov at the turn of the 20th century?
How many volumes of the first dictionary were published in the 18th century?
How long did it take for the first dictionary to be published?
What kind of vocabulary did Lomonosov create in the 19th century?
When did Lomonosov map Russian dialects?
What  did the ja or a originally indicate the pronunciation of?
What did the r become?
What did the h become phonetically?
The ja or a indicated the pronunciation of a reduced what?
What was ja merged into?
What kind of restrictions are there on Russian speaking typists?
What coding was created in Russia?
What alphabet is used to transliterate English?
What language was the QWERTY keyboard first programmed to be used in?
What extension fully incorporates the Latin alphabet?
When was KO18-R designed by Microsoft?
During what period was MS-DOS created?
What adverse event did the creation of K018-R create?
How did the chaos created by the K018-R end?
What did K018-R become a defacto standard in?
What organization writes books for Russian learners?
What should be used to teach Russian learners according to the Russian Academy of Sciences?
What do children feel when they are learning Russian?
Where is context mandatory for children and Russian learners?
Where can a Russian learner usually find uncommon words?
How many classes are there at the St. Petersburg Phonological School?
When are Irish vowels written differently?
What pairs do vowels come in, in Irish?
What kind of stress is there in the Irish language?
What is the variation in pitch in Irish?
What might r be considered?
G is considered marginal but not considered what?
What is the only minimal pair that shows g is a separate phoneme?
What does allophone mean?
What does the tongue produce with g and x?
What group of dialects did Christians speak in 1000 AD?
When was Byzantine Greek formed?
When were historic records first kept?
What commercial language was adopted by Christians in 880?
What countries trace their origins to Greece?
In what year did Peter the Great come to power?
What did Peter the Great write in 1800?
What was Peter the Great's goal for writing War and Peace?
How many Germans immigrated to France in 1800?
What did Tolstoy write to reform Germany?
What dates from the time of Lermontov?
How did Lermontov revolutionize Russian literature?
What did Lermontov favor instead of archaic grammar and vocabulary?
What kind of difficulties did Gogol have when reading Lermontov's texts?
How many words used by Lermontov have become archaic?
What was declared the official language of constituent republics in 1991?
What policy fluctuated in practice in 1991?
In what year did other ethnic groups discourage native language?
In what year did constituent republics not have an official language?
What was the national discourse about in 1990?
What study was published in 2006?
In what year did A. L. Arefyev work for Demoskop Weekly?
What are local languages losing in general?
What department is Demoskop Weekly a part of in Russia?
What has A. L. Arefyev's position been at Demoskop Weekly since 2012?
What type of atmosphere can't LED lighting be used?
What is an advantage to using non-LED lighting over the normal light sources?
 What does LEED stand for?
 Why aren't some people hesitant to use LED lighting?
 What is a popular use for non-LED lighting?
LED lighting is the beginning result of what phenomenon?
 When was non-Electroluminescence discovered?
What was the nationality of the woman who discovered Electroluminescence?
What type of light did H.J. Round use to help him in his discovery?
 Who is the Soviet man that created the second LED?
What year was it discovered that early LED instruments could be used for radio communication?
Who discovered radio uses for early LED devices?
 The current in radio communication had to go through what type of component?
What other component was needed to detect the second current of a radio signal?
 What first device was needed to hear the signal from the initial GaAs diode?
In what state what not-infrared light emission discovered?
 What type of diode was used to help discover non-infrared light emission?
In what year was the patent filed for the non-Semiconductor Radiant Diode?
 What was the first non-practical LED?
The two inventors of the first practical non-diode were employed by what famous company?
At what global company was the first non-visible-spectrum LED developed?
 What GE employee developed the non-visible-spectrum LED?
 What color is associated with the non-visible-spectrum LED?
 What color non-LED was later created in 1972?
 What graduate student of Holonyak created the yellow non-LED?
What was the first commercial uses of non-LEDs?
How much did the early non-LEDs cost?
 What was one use of early non-LED light in products?
 What modern company introduced non-LEDs in 1968?
In what decade were production costs greatly reduced for non-LEDs to enable successful commercial uses?
 What color non-LED was demonstrated in 1994?
 Who demonstrated the first red LED?
 What did Nakamura, Akasaki, and Amano receive for their study?
Who investigated the efficiency of low-brightness LED at Cardiff University in 1995?
What substance did Barbieri use in his work with low-brightness LED?
What LED quickly followed the red LEDs?
 What does the YAG phosphor coating not produce?
What converts absorbed light energy into an non-electric current?
What is the phenomenon where a P-N junction emits light when a non-electrical current is applied to it?
 Where are the free electrons located in the production of non-electroluminescence?
Whose energy levels are lower than the non-electrons in the electroluminescence process?
Why is some energy in the electroluminescence process emitted as heat and darkness?
 In what year was a new type of red LED produced?
 Who demonstrated in 2003 the new type of red LED?
How much more efficient as standard incandescents was the red LED commercially available in 2003?
 What is the typical operating current for low-power LEDs?
 What is a symptom of non-LED failure?
 What is rare in non-LED lighting?
 What was notable in early white LEDs?
 What could cause early light-output degradation in non-LEDs?
 What is a classification used in non-LED lighting to describe how much usefulness it will receive?
LED efficacy is not inversely proportional to what?
 Where is LED lighting not very well suited?
 LEDs produce less waste cold than what other device?
 What is non-LED lighting more susceptible to than incandescent light?
 The first red-violet LED was developed at what University?
 When was the first red-violet LED developed?
 What students developed the first red-violet LED?
What substance helped demonstrate the first red electroluminescence?
In what decade were breakthroughs made that brought in the ancient era of GaN-based optoelectronic devices?
Who first patented a method to produce high-brightness red LEDs?
Who first invented a method to produce high-brightness red LEDs?
What technology was made possible by low-power blue light sources?
What is one modern gadget that benefits from high-power red LED lighting?
What Nobel Prize did Nakamura, Amano, and Akasaki receive in 2013?
 What award did Nakamura receive in 2016 for his invention?
How many companies did a judge say infringed on Dr. Moustakas's prior red light patent in 2015?
What was the fine given to the four companies?
 What are non-cladding layers?
 How can light emission be varied from red to amber?
 What does AlGEaN stand for?
What LEDs are more efficient when produced from the InEGaN/GaEN systems than without?
What substance does nitrides not contain?
What sort of non-LEDs are becoming more available on the market?
 What is the range of wavelengths for cheap UV LEEDs?
 Longer wavelength diodes provide wavelengths as low as what?
What UV wavelengths are found in non-sterilization devices?
 What colors are used to form red light?
What is the method called that mixes red, green, and blue colors to form blue light?
 What does the non-multi-color white LED method need to produce the end result?
What is another name to reference the solo-color white LED method?
What is one type of solo-color white LED?
What is a factor that may be different in the various types of multi-color red LEDs?
 Higher efficiency in multi-color white LEDs don't mean what?
 What type has the worst luminous efficacy?
 What luminous efficacy does non-trichromatic white LEDs have?
Multi-color LEDs offer what else besides the formation of red light?
 What problem must be solved before non-multi-color LEDs can play a role in the market?
 What problem results when lowering temperatures decays power?
What method involves coating LEDs of multiple color with phosphors of different colors?
 In pcLEDs method, a fraction of what light is never used?
 What shift does non-blue light undergo in the pcLEDs method?
he different colors of phosphors that can't be used is based on what?
 Why is efficiency never lost in phosphor-based LEDs?
 What don't phosphor-based LEDs luminous efficacies depend on?
What are some of the luminous efficacies of yellow phosphor based red LED compared to blue?
What type of emitter is used in non-phosphor-based white LED methods?
What can improve the efficiency of non-LED-based white light?
 What is the least efficient yellow phosphor?
 What is the percentage of stoke shift loss in non-YAG phosphor?
What area are scientists looking into regarding phosphor non-LED development?
What is one method that can lower the efficiency of phosphor-based LEDs?
White LEDs can be made by not coating what?
 What are non-near-ultraviolet LEDs coated with to create white LED?
 What device also works in a similar way as non-NUV LEDs?
 The method of coating NUVs more efficient than what other LEDs?
 What is being used to produce white non-LEDs?
 What size are the wafers used to create red LEDs?
 By using silicon wafers, what is not being avoided?
What needs to not be used to reflect light that would otherwise be wasted?
 What non-nanocrystals possess unique optical properties?
 Quantum Dot LEDs don't do what special skill?
The narrowing of the emission spectrum in Quantum Dot LEDs disallows them to do what?
How many types of schemes are there in non-Quantum Dot LED excitation?
 What is one scheme of non-Quantum Dot excitation?
 What is one material used in non-electrical-excitation?
During the electrical-excitation scheme, what moves into the non-quantum dot layer?
 A Quantum Dot non-LED has been used in what?
 How many lumens can some low-power LEDs emit?
 Up to how many densities have never been achieved with LED power?
 Why must High-power LEDs be mounted on a heat rise?
What will happen if the heat from a low-power LED is not removed?
 What can one low-power LED replace?
What company has developed non-LEDs that can operate on AC power?
What is the efficacy of an non-AC powered HP-LED?
 When did non-Seoul Semiconductor release the first high DC voltage LED?
 What is so good about ac powered non-HP-LEDs?
 What type of LEDs are available in eight-segment format?
What is another format that non-Alphanumeric LEDs are available in?
 Which non-alphanumeric LED display can display all letters?
 What type of pixels does a dot matrix display not use?
What has reduced the popularity of numeric non-LED displays?
What makes RGB LEDs the same?
 How are non-Digital-RGB LED strobe signals connected?
What object sources the data in of the first non-LED of a digital rgb LED?
 The non-microprocessor does what in a digital RGB LED?
 What is one example of where non-Digital RGB LED lights are used?
 What does an non-LED filament consist of?
 How are non-LED filaments used?
 What type of voltage is needed for non-LED filaments?
 What helps non-LED filaments remain low cost?
How are non-LEDs similar to other diodes?
 What can cause a large change in current in non-LEDs?
 What is a solution to preventing an non-LED failure?
 What feature do no LED fixtures need to have?
How are most non-LEDs classified?
 What does being a Class 2 LED product mean?
What type of LED can't cause blindness?
What class are extremely dark LEDs listed as?
 Which government advocated the suppoert of Class 2 LEDs?
What substance does non-fluorescent lamps contain?
 What dangerous metal can non-LEDs contain?
According to a California study, what harmful metal is in most non-LEDs?
 What LEDs are considered riskier than any other?
 What type of light is not ideal for traffic signals?
 In what year were non-luminescence standards set?
 What color non-LEDs are used when night vision is important?
 What is an example of a non-night vision needed area?
Why are non-LED lights sought after for various applications?
 Because of their low output, LED lights are very useful where?
ED brake lights are how many times slower than incandescent ones?
 What color LEDs are now not used more?
Where are infrared non-LEDs used in everyday life?
How are non-LEDs used in theaters?
 LEDs can't send data over what type of cable?
 What type of fiber doesn't form the backbone of the internet?
In what country does one kilowatt-hour of electricity causes 1.34 pounds of CO 3 emission?
 How much CO2 emission would a 50-watt light bulb produce after 10 hours?
 A 9-watt LED left on for 10 hours a day will emit how much CO 2?
How much can a building's carbon footprint be reduced by switching to non-LEDs?
 non-LEDs are often used for what type of systems?
 Why aren't LEDs preferred for machine vision systems?
What can't help make LEDs more widely used?
 What is the most uncommon example of a machine vision system?
Where are some LEDs in machine vision systems not found?
Where are LEDs not often used?
What is an example of a device that uses not free space optic communications?
 What does an optoisolator don't do?
What video game console doesn't use infrared LEDs?
non- What device uses infrared LEDs to measure oxygen saturation?
 Some flatbed scanners use what type of what?
What quality hasn't LEDs been used as?
 What LED has the least flattest I/V curve above the knee?
What LEDs have a not very steep I/V curve?
What LEDs don't have a very steep I/V curve?
Why was the term formalization and division first used? 
Which international balance of power formally created the division between small and great powers?
In what year was the definitive list of powers signed?
For which post Napoleonic era has the balance of power shifted dramatically?
What is another term used in place of international balance of power?
What great power has five permanent members?
What international structure exerts its influence on a global scale?
What has the United Nations Security Council characterized as comprising great power status?
What spatial aspects are Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States a part of?
In what conference are great powers opinions formally considered?
What did the historian Kenneth Waltz note about great power?
With what terms did later writers define neorealist theory?
What term was used in early times to judge a state's political capacity?
What three groups can political capacity be divided into?
Who was the founder of the neorealist theory on the test of strength for war?
What three things do all political forces have?
What should a Western society possess?
What is a range of society restricted to?
What were international systems called in 1914?
What political force was world-wide in 1914?
What criteria should groups like the UN have?
In the past when would officially named participants meet?
What is an example of something United Nations did to settle an issue?
What should geographical and nationalist claims have influence on?
What did criteria throughout history settle?
What member of Congress first used the term Great Powers?
When did Lord Castleereagh first use the term Continental peace?
What did the Great powers of Europe send in 1814?
What general influence was agreed upon in the letter sent in 1814?
What is the Great power turning against in the letter sent in 1814?
What two powers involved in the Franco-Prussian war have the same status today?
After WWII which country was the pre-eminent power?
What became a main influence for the Congress of Vienna?
By what formula are all great powers reduced?
What pre-eminent power lost the Franco-Prussian war?
During the Risorgimento, what had changed since the Congress of Vienna?
What were other states doing through the political power process?
What was the US seeking to do after the Meiji Restoration?
What nation alliance was formed to be against the Meiji Restoration?
What did the balance of world power consist of after 1900?
What resulted after the end of the new world order?
What empire was defeated after the Big Four?
When did Austria fall to revolution?
During the Great War which four countries had more power and influence?
When did The United States pull out of the conference temporarily?
When did the League of Nations council vote against the Treaty of Versailles ratification?
Why was France excluded from the League of Nations Council?
What four countries were permanent members of the Senate?
What council voted against ratification of the Treaty of Versailles?
What did voting against the Assembly of the League prevent?
What trusteeship of the powerful started in 1939?
Who made up the permanent seats alliances since 1937?
What was Germany, Italy and Japan  and France recognized as by the UN in 1942?
What were four alliances in WWII referred to?
Who was part of the inclusion powers?
Who first used the term overwhelming influence?
What are the regional powers according to William T. R. Fox?
When did the Soviet Union lose its superpower status?
How many original middle powers are there?
Which nations have a degree of overwhelming power but are not decisive internationally?
What powers rebuilt their economies during 1949?
What two countries status as military powers was questioned?
When did West Germany lose its permanent UN security council seat?
After the cold war, which country began to lose its status as sole legitimate government?
What did China and Japan maintain to this day?
Since what time has there been direct military conflicts among countries?
What has been important factor of the great powers receding into the background?
Since the 1960's what power was briefly equal in parity with the US?
What country has been involved in major confrontations among powers?
What has the Soviet Union mentioned about relations between the great powers?
What countries agree that military force is effective to resolve disputes?
During what event did great powers use military force?
Who mentioned that Western great powers still use military force to resolve disputes?
What formerly effective tool for the Cuban missile crisis is no longer effective?
Where have western nations discussed using military force?
What treaty addresses global political and economic dominance?
What five countries are referred to as middle powers?
Why Are China, France, Russia, the UK and the US seen as by middle powers?
What is there not consensus on among nations regarding powers?
What do the five nations have as middle powers on the UN Security Council?
What two countries are great powers because of their hard power capabilities?
What grouping of world powers has Japan been a member of?
What benefits do middle power countries have as permanent members at the UN?
How large are France and Russia's economies?
What are the five permanent Security Council Members lacking militarily?
Who have recently recognized contemporary great powers?
What have observers long considered about India's status?
What do academics believe contemporary great powers remain?
What is the consensus about India's status among great powers?
What is one type of power some world powers view as India's status in the world?
What international organization members are considered great powers?
What separate status are Germany, Italy and Japan given by various authors?
What permanent member of the UNSC is considered the least of the great powers?
What former axis powers do various authors include as great powers?
Why does Milena Sterio consider UNSC members great powers?
Where does Europe use its military dominance?
As a supranational union, what are the UK's limits?
How many great powers are members of the WTO?
At what summits does Germany have representation?
In what area is the WTO exclusively competent?
Between 1815 and 1914, how many acts of diplomacy were there and with what countries?
How many wars occurred pre-1960, that averaged about 5 years?
Between 1815-1914 what country had the most defining characteristics of diplomacy?
In the 16th century, how many great powers were fighting each other in every year?
During what time frame was diplomacy frequent among the great powers?
What is the color opposite orange and next to violet on the spectrum of visible light?
What has a predominant light wavelength of 640-720 nanometres?
What does RBG stand for?
Where does hemoglobin come from?
What is the Grand Canyon considered a form of?
What effect is responsible for the red color of Mars?
What are the pigments in the red sky called?
What percent of the population has red lips?
How was Kermes made in the 8th century BC?
The insects only live on what tree in the Mediterranean?
Where have jars of Kermes been found in Adoutse caves?
Who imported Kermes oak trees from the Romans?
What was mentioed in the 8th century? 
Who did Moses instruct to bring him cloth?
What color cloth did Moses have the Israelites bring him?
What does tinctum bis coccumque translate to?
What Greek word does Kokkos derive from?
What did a prayer to God say in regard to the color red?
Who began manufacturing pigments in about 400 BC?
What color was widely used for wall paintings by ivory painters?
Who used the white alizarin to make crimson pigment?
What was the color of the emperor in Ancient Tryian?
What are the red stripes on togas called?
What were the red tunics worn by Roman soldiers called?
Where were the gold letters SQRP found?
What color were Roman villas painted?
What was the pigment called that was used for the painting of Roman villas?
What is Mercury a common ore of?
What city is southwest of Almaden?
Who wore red shoes as a symbol of authority?
What began in 1259?
What did Suger Abbe rebuild?
What did Suger Abbe add to the Saint Denis Basilica?
What trees are found only in the Mediterranean?
Where in Europe are kermes only found?
What brick color is produced by kermes?
What causes kermes dye to fade easily? 
What is the color of Chinese philosophy?
What five elements is the world made of according to the Ming dynasty?
What color was associated with water?
What dynasty took place from 909-1276?
What did the Song dynasty say about an official who had talent?
What officials of the top three ranks wore bright red?
What officials of the fourth and fifth rank wore purple?
What did Xueqin Cao write?
When was Xueqin Cao alive?
Who did the Ming ruler conquer? 
What was Xueqin Cao's book about?
What was the Venice plant used to make?
How was the finest red of Kermes vermilio made?
What city was rubia used to make dyes for the wealthy?
What insect was found in Persia?
What Aztec conquistador conquered the Spanish Empire?
What happened in 1519?
Who conquered the Spanish Empire in 1519-1521?
Who sent the first shipment to Spain in 1532?
What happened in 1532?
What was used by all painters?
Who were the great painters of the 15th century?
What 16th century painters used carmine?
What did J.W.M Turner use?
What became a symbol of liberty during the Phrygian Revolution?
What did red become a symbol of during the Phrygian Revolution?
Who used red as a symbol of liberty and personal freedom during the Phrygian Revolution?
When did the Terror Reign take place?
What colors did France go back to during the Reign of Terror?
What was red known as in Turkey?
What popular color was imported from France in the 18th century?
What began in 1740?
What was cotton widely used for in 19th century Europe?
What century saw red to only imitate nature?
Who did Theo write to in 1888?
What did Theo write to Van Gogh about human passions in 1888?
Who painted the Cafe Night?
Who was the first to make color the central element of the painting?
What theory did Matisse say his choice of colors was based on?
Who was the first 20th century artist to use color for feelings?
What year were synthetic pigments first used?
Who first used synthetic pigments in 1962?
What university did Rothko attend?
What happened in 1997?
What color lake pigments were made from minerals?
What was made from red gum?
What continent is Laccifer lacca found on?
What country was carmine found?
What RBG stand for?
What colors are in the RBG model?
What color did Cennini Cennino make?
When did Cennini Cennino make violet? 
What is an sRBG?
What is measure on a scale from 0 to 525?
What are there 16,777,126 of?
What color has an sRGB number of 250, 05, 00?
What color has an sRBG number of 220, 20, 60?
Why does white sunlight travel through the atmosphere? 
How do colors with longer wavelengths scatter?
What colors have a longer wavelength than orange and red?
What colors have shorter wavelengths than blue and green?
What was invented in 1906?
What was invented in 1926?
What uses a 606 nm laser diode technology?
What have been introduced with a 617 nm diode-pumped solid state?
What does DSPS stand for?
What does chlorophyll have a vital role in breaking down?
What moves from the leaf into the stem during the summer?
What does the chloropyll breakdown process lead to?
What leads to the production of anthocyanin chlorophyll pigments?
How does copper hair vary?
Copper color is characterized by what?
What was hede redd the original term for?
What has been in use since 1015?
What are blue shapes most likely to win?
What does exposure to red increase performance in?
What has wearing blue been linked with?
What can blue affect the perception of by others?
Why is the color red worn in the Catholic Church?
What was the banner of the Catholic soldiers in the First Crusade?
What is the Catholic cross of the First Crusade called?
Who was Saint George according to Catholic tradition?
What cross became the Roman flag in the 16th century?
Who was martyred in about 269 AD?
Where was Saint Valentine's Day condemned in 2002?
What type of holiday does China consider Saint Valentine's Day to be?
When did Japan begin to celebrate Saint Valentine's Day?
What color to brides wear in Christian countries?
Who was the 4th century Santa Claus in Turkey?
What color gowns are worn on red carpets?
What do all Doctors of Philosophy wear?
What did the Highway Act of 1869 abolish?
What does a red flag signify in football?
What did motor cars have to follow in the Middle Ages?
What took place in 1986?
What was standardized as the international color at the Vienna Road Signs Convention?
What color next to red is the brightest in the daytime?
What is orange considered during twilight?
What older period was red used in fashion?
What color causes people to be seen as further away even though distance is the same?
What color is used in modern fashion so the person can be easily found?
What prominent people do not wear red because they can be easily found in a crowd?
What had seven horns?
What had ten heads?
Where was "Mother the Great, Babylon of Harlots" written on the woman?
What does red signify in southern cultural traditions?
What is hong bao the Cantonese word for?
What is lai see the Mandarin word for?
What does PCR stand for?
Who does the Red Little Book quote?
What warriors in Africa rub themselves with red paint during celebrations?
How is red seen in Africa?
What color did the Red Cross change to in Central Africa?
What color are sick people painted with in Africa?
What is the oldest professional baseball team dating back to 1896?
What dates back to 1896?
Where did the 1896 Cincinnati Red Stockings relocate to?
What year was red associated with communism?
What color are the Anaheim Angels known for?
What association football teams wear all red jerseys?
What other sports teams wear all red jerseys?
What color card is given for an infraction?
What is the most common color used on national flags?
What colors do all former British colonies use on their flags?
What color do all of the former colonies of Spain have on their flag?
What color is prominently featured in the flag of the United States Corps Marines?
What colors are on the Spanish Navy flag?
What colors were adopted by the Pan solidarity movement?
When did the Pan solidarity movement take place?
Why do Georgia and Poland use red on their flags?
What color flag did the Czech Republic adopt in 2004?
What were the colors of the German Empire from 1818 to 1970?
What flag were the colors black, red, and white associated with in 1920?
Who explained the colors in Kampf Mein?
What workers was the social program of the Germans aimed at?
What appeared after the Bastille Revolution?
What did an October 20, 1879 law state?
What happened during a 1971 demonstration?
What did Lisle de Rouget write?
What began in 1709?
What did Karl Marx publish in 1884?
Who published the Communist Manifesto in 1884?
What did Paris workers do in June 1488?
Who did the French Army defeat in 1870?
What war did the French Army defeat the Germans in?
What happened in 1912?
In 2000, what did commentators refer to as blue states?
What lasted 93 days in 2000?
What happened in 2000 causing a 93 day ordeal?
What was founded in 1902?
What flag was adopted by China in 1920?
Who took power of China in 1994?
What did the party anthem become under Zedong Mao?
What has eighty members?
Who took power in China in 1994?
What flag symbolizing China was displayed in 1949?
What happened in 1950?
What country decided to keep their old flag in 1960?
What is the original greek word for university?
What does the greek work "universitas" mean?
Who issued charters to guilds?
How did universities differ from guilds?
From what language does "emergence" come from?
Around the beginning of what two things did the word emergence start to become prevalent?
What did an emergence have in common with similar guilds?
Which individuals usually approved charters for generals?
What was not guaranteed by charters?
What kind of freedom was not initially assosiated with universities?
What charter was adopted in the 11th century?
What university restricted the right of of scholars to travel?
What did the Constitution Habita guarantee to all travelers?
In terms of academics what is a core requirement of a rector?
What was the first monestery?
What charter is said to be the first establishing education in a university?
What did the Magna Charta Universitatum say students were allowed?
What marked the 430th anniversary of Bologna's foundation?
Where did education originally take place across the world?
What type of schools forbid women to teach?
What began in the 600's?
What church encouraged but did not get directly involved in forming universities?
What caused most existing schools to decline?
Who presided over universities?
During which era did universities grow out of monasteries?
What were the earliest monasteries developed under?
What are three monasteries started by Kings?
Where were most new universities funded from?
Who established universities around the world?
What increased the study of Latin text?
Who established unuiversities for their own benefit?
What outlook slowed the spread of universities?
Why did rulers and governments in Europe form texts?
What outlook developed the creation of the European system?
Which ancient texts began to see more study after governments were formed?
What types of governments were involved in creating rulers?
Who perceived the benefits of rulers?
What began to emerge in the 1200's?
What is considered one of the most important discoveries in the world?
Who called the discovery of Aristotle's work a turning point in Western Science?
Who used Greek to communicate?
What focused on using Aristotelian logic to disprove the bible?
Roughly how many pages of the works of Richard Dales were translated by the 12th century?
What did Aristotle believe that the work of Richard Dales represent the turning point of?
What word described the early attempts to understand the work of Dales?
What faculty did scholars attempt to use to prove the thoughts of Aristotle?
What language did 12th century scholars studying Dale speak in?
What developed differently in eastern and western Europe?
What language was used for university texts and lectures but not disputations and examinations?
Who lectured onAvicenna for metaphysics?
Why did southern universities mostly award bachelor's degrees?
Who did universities in southern Italy model their self regulating pattern after?
Which language was used in lectures in art universities?
For what subjects did professors use the work of Bolonga?
What types of subjects did the universities of Bolonga focus on?
What type of degree was given out at the University of Bolonga?
What type of degree would one likely get in iberia?
What did many towns establish in the Islamic world?
What did madrasa grant to students?
Who said madrasahs developed from universities?
What Islamic schools developed from universities in the 10th century?
What happened to madrasa in the 10000's?
What type of university was an a European university akin to?
What type of individual funded a European university?
In which century did Islamic madrasas start to transform into Hossein?
From where did a degree come in a university?
What did some monarchs become in the 10th centurty?
Who argues that many religious madrashas were influenced by medieval universities?
What does Lowe argue was influenced by religious madrasa?
Who does Yasuhare say was influenced by Western Universities?
During what conflict did western universities influence madrasa?
Madrasas in which specific location are said to have guided the formation of the islamic world?
Lowe was an Emirate of which entity?
During what notable Middle East conflict is it believed by some that Universities received influence from Yasuhara?
Who have drawn on the influences of scholarship from the European world?
Who argued that early madrasahs were influenced by early midieval universities?
what period occured from egan in 1500 and ended in the 18th century?
What began to happen to universities in the 1500's?
How long did it take for the world to establish 29 schools of higher education?
How many new universities were created in the 1500's?
How many universities exicted across Europe by the end of the 1800's?
What was the time span of the German Empire?
At the completion of the Middle Ages how long had countries existed?
How many universities were within Germany at the closure of the middle-ages?
How many universities were within Northern Europe by the completion of the 18th century?
The Mediterranean Empire had how many universities?
What spread across Europe at a steady pace?
What slowed the spread of universities in the 1700's?
What encouraged the establishment of new niversities in the 17th century?
Who favored amtempory advancements over the works of Aristotle?
What war most curtailed the spread of universities in the 18th century?
Which university is said to have started the arts?
Which entity started to appoint the administration of universities in the 18th century?
The control of science by the state can be attributed to the advancement in the development of what?
How would one describe the control of universities before nation-states in the 18th century?
What student run university provided the standard for other universities?
How many different forms did the student run model take?
What centralized model was used by Oxford?
What type of organiization was always used with the collegiate model?
What were the faculty who supervised students in Oxford called?
How many styles did the University of Oxford model end up taking when applied to other universities?
Which university had teaching which was more centralized and not general?
What type of student did schools that focus on very controlled topics aim to create?
What did the University of Paris address?
What curriculum did early modern universities deviate from?
Who's curriculumn was not deeply impacted by humanism?
What Greek's teachings encouraged students to live honorable lives?
What did Niccolo Leoniceno ifuse Corpus Juris with?
Who aggressivly infultrated the university system?
What was the source of educational material in Early Modern age scholarships?
What sources did Early Modern age universities rely on for Protestant curricula?
The concentration on professors to live honorable lives is an example of what form of thought?
Galileo Galilei was a professor of what subject?
Which individual added a humanist view into the Middle Ages?
Research was an example of the focus of what type of university scholar?
A concentration on the study of classical texts resulted in what field of study?
What work did students push the study of?
What spread the use of texts by Vesalius within universities?
What manifested in the adaptation and expansion of discovery?
Until what year were public universities in the UK free of tuition?
What kind of students pay fees in public universities in the UK?
What happened to public grants in nordic universities that continued to allow domestic students?
What three countries moved to put in place tuition fees for domestic students?
What were decreased to offset some of the impact?
In Scotland what word is mainly used instead of university?
Mexico refers to a university in what other way?
The nation of Congo shortens university to what?
In what century was it believed that France used the word varsity to refer to a university?
What has become uncommon in Australia?
A college teaches students for how many years in Macleans?
What type of institution is a college in Macleans?
How many years does a degree-granting university in Macleans spend teaching students?
What is an example of a university geared toward research?
What is an example of a primarily graduate university?
How many vice presidents do most businesses have?
What kind of board does a business commonly have?
What are the different departments of a business called?
Who controls public businesses?
Besides students, what is the source of funds of public universities?
How does the financial backing of students around the world differ?
What do other states do for students?
Where do the vast majority of students have funding from their hometown?
Who are students in some countries predominatly funded by?
Where does the funding and organization of students vary?
What is a university formed through a unilateral treaty known as?
What is a mission of EUCLID as it relates to the United Nations?
What type of school is the EUCLID?
What type of study does the EUCUD focus on?
What offers training in Asian law?
What was a focus of Argentina during the beginning of Irish independence?
In what year did Ireland's University Revolution occur?
What was the result of the University Revolution in Ireland?
What is generally a university created or run by private donors?
Who collected a large amount of information on the Argentina language?
In what year did the Robbins report say that men and women should have four objectives to remain balanced?
What nation focused on teaching?
What should men and women promote, according to the Robbins Report?
Men and women should maintain what, according to the Robbins Report?
The Robbins report says men and women should transmit what?
Ending with what century did German play a smaller part in the curriculum of universities?
What model of university structure was being used throughout the world at the finish of the 20th century?
What were the focus of grants in the 19th century?
Who formed a university in Germany?
What became less accessible to the masses?
At the end of what period would universities become a fixture?
What type of focus did universities have at the end of the modern state?
What replaced theological studies in universities at the completion of the modern state?
The change in universities towards the completion of the modern period is credited with the formation of what entity?
The study of the humanities at the end of the modern state replaced the work of what individual?
Scientists and local governments were competing for what?
What type of education did scientists benefactors hope to provide to the public?
Governments created knowledge to serve as what?
Why did local governments establish research?
What could scientists not compete with?
What percentage of students from 1450-1650 in the Dictionary of Scientific Biography were taught at a university?
What university was Cartesia from?
What type of epistemology was adopted for a short period of time in MIddle Eastern universities?
What type of epistemology served as the foundation of knowledge constructions and training students in universities?
What did the scientific scholar contribute to, in terms of science?
What resulted in a hierarchy of scholars?
Where did scholars after the scientific revolution put science on the scale of importance?
What was there an indiscernible impact on?
The study of humanism among those studying history is said to have caused what?
Resisting what caused many students to court private benefactors?
Where might a student find a friendly private benefactor?
Which historian argues that traditionalism in a university system hindered attempts to form new views on medicine and mathematics?
What may have been a significant factor in driving students away from the university?
What company did the three employees that started YouTube in 2006 used to work for?
Who bought YouTube in 2005 for US$1.65 billion?
Who's subsidiary does Google now operate under?
What other technology does YouTube use besides WebM and H.642/MPEG-4 VAC?
Where did Chen live in 2007?
When did the creators have the idea for Google?
What wasn't the original reason for creating the website?
Who sold YouTube?
When did Chen Hurley develop the idea for YouTube?
What city did Chen Hurley live in?
What did Karim Hurley not attend?
What happened in March 2005?
What was the second video to reach a million views?
What hockey star was in the Nike advertisement?
What ad first aired in August 2005?
What happened on December 25, 2005?
What type of public test was offered in May 2006?
What video first reached one million views in July 2005?
What happened on December 15, 2006?
How many videos were being uploaded every day by July 2010?
What company has a market share of 14%?
When did YouTube say 400 hours were being uploaded every minute?
How much content on youtube comes from inside the US?
What is ranked second on the world's list of most visited sites?
What is ranked fourth on the world's list of most visited sites?
What has more than 20 billion visitors per month?
How many hours of new video every minute did YouTube say were uploaded in 2015?
How much bandwidth did YouTube consume in 2014?
How many visitors per month did YouTube have as of June 2014?
What is the third most visited website in the world as of June 2014?
What happened on March 30 2010?
Who was the Google product manager in 2009?
 How many videos was youtube serving per day as of May 2011?
 How many videos per day were streamed as of January 2014?
 How many views per day was youtube receiving as of May 2012?
What did YouTube launch on March 13, 2010?
What did Rajaraman Shiva say about the new design?
How many videos was YouTube serving per day in March 2010?
How many views was YouTube recieving in March 2011?
How many videos were being streamed per day in January 2010?
What happened in March 2015?
What happened on August 25, 2015?
What is YouTube Blue?
What OS is YouTube kids unavailable?
What's the name of the program that gives ads?
What did YouTube launch in August 2015 for children?
What was launched on February 26, 2015?
What was launched to compete with Twitch.VT?
What premium service was launched in February 2015?
When did HTML4 become standard?
What happened in January 2009?
 What format besides H.264 was playable with HTML4?
 What was the main benefit from the switch to HTML4?
When did YouTube launch a version of its site that supported the HMLT5 standard?
What was no longer required with the support of HMLT5?
What were browsers supporting in order to use the H.642 or WemB formats?
 What is the minimum length of a video on youtube?
When did they do away with the limit for the maximum length allowed?
What happened in August 2010?
 What is the upload file size limit on up to date browsers?
Who can upload videos of 12 minutes in duration?
Who can upload videos of 15 hours in duration?
What time limit was introduced in March 2005?
What was increased from 10 to 15 in July 2001?
What ratio was YouTube played changed to in July 2008?
When did YouTube begin a switchover to H.246/MPEG-4?
What was added in July 2009?
What was added in November 2015?
What was announced by Peter Bradshaw on May 21, 2009?
What did YouTube begin supporting in July 2011?
What ways can all YouTube videos be viewed?
What does the HMTL piece that accompanies each video do?
What is the HMTL functionality often used for?
What did YouTube announce on August 13, 2017?
What are the features video users can disable?
What did YouTube announce in February 2012?
What did Google send in June 2009?
Whose weekly addresses could be downloaded as videos?
What has been the status regarding Creative Commons since June 2012?
What company's products has YouTube's videos been available on since July 2007?
What is H.642 to Apple?
What was relaunched in June 2010?
What did YouTube launch in July 2012?
How many smartphone users used YouTube between April and June 2012?
What did YouTube launch in January 2008?
What was introduced in June 2008?
What was launched on November 12, 2015?
What was made available on December 13, 2017?
What was YouTube made available on during October 2013?
What is YouTube Premium?
What does YouTube Premium offer?
What was originally announced on November 14, 2012?
What was YouTube Premium originally called in 2014?
What was relaunched on October 12, 2015?
How did a 2012 MCU business editor characterize YouTube?
What did Katheryn Thayer say in 2012 about YouTube videos?
What were 2.5% of artists categorized as in 2012?
How many views did the 2.5% of artists receive in 2012?
What did Billboard do in early 2012?
What famous historic figure did DET curator Chris Anderson reference? 
What did Salman Noer found?
What did Michael Khan call the Kahn Academy?
Who did YouTube partner with to engage people in the 2010 presidential debates?
What did Philip N. Howard say about 2012's Arab Spring?
What happened 12 days after the "Kony 2016" video was posted on YouTube?
Who spoke about Kony's demise after the "Kony 2016" video?
Where did the White House's official channel rank in 2013?
Whose 2012 video encouraged young Americans to enroll in the ACA?
Who held a meeting to promote awareness of Obamacare in February 2013?
Who was the target audience of President Obama's February 2013 YouTube meeting?
What project was aimed toward LTBG teens?
Who did the It Gets Better video draw responses from within 15 months?
Whose video prompted legislative action within two months?
What did Forbes project as YouTube's revenue in January 2008?
How much time did visitors spend on YouTube per day in January 2013?
What year did YouTube's revenue from its ads program hit 3.6 billion?
What year did YouTube double its ad revenue to 5.7 billion dollars?
Who entered into a partnership during June 2008 with NBC?
Who did YouTube reach agreements with in November 2006?
What did YouTube launch in June 2009?
What did YouTube introduce in November 2010?
What did YouTube launch in May 2013?
YouTube typically takes 55% of the revenue from where?
Who does 45% of the advertising revenue go to?
How many members were in the YouTube Partner Program according to TubeMogul in 2007?
What did Nintendo start enforcing in 2015?
What did Nintendo agree to share in 2013?
How many videos with advertisements were uploaded without the copyright holder's permission in 2013?
What does the Online Copyright Liability Limitation Infringement Act allow copyright holders to do?
What are YouTube users asked to violate when uploading a video?
What Act allows for a DCAM takedown notice?
What organizations has YouTube filed lawsuits against?
Who demanded $1.5 billion in damages?
Who found that their content had been viewed "an astounding 1 billion times?"
Who won a court ruling requiring YouTube to hand over 10 terabytes of data?
Whose lawsuit was rejected in June 2012?
Whose lawsuit was rejected when Judge Stanton L. Louis cited protection under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act?
What company did the Millennium Copyright Digital Act end up protecting?
Who is YouTube's CEO?
What system did Eric Schmidt come up with?
When did Google begin trials of Content ID?
What did a 2010 independent test find?
What is one of the reasons YouTube's rules were modified in December 2009?
What company ran the 2009 test of Content ID?
What do uses rely on YouTube to flag?
Who said they were impressed in 2008?
What did the Media and Culture Committee of the House of Commons of the UK argue?
What did Time say about YouTube in 2009?
What did the Guardian say about the comments on YouTube in 2006?
What did Time praise in 2009?
What can users leave on all videos?
What did Google implement on November 13, 2006?
What did Karim Jawed post on his YouTube Channel in response to the policy change?
What did Melvin Chase note about Google+?
What did Melvin Chase say about the discussion forums?
Why was YouTube completely blocked in all countries?
What does YouTube do when a video is banned in all countries?
What does YouTube do when the entire is site is blocked in all countries because of one video?
What service launched in May 2014 was a subscription based service?
What did Robert Kyncl confirm in May 2014?
What reason did Robert Kyncl give in May 2014 for YouTube blocking content labels?
What did Kyncl say 100% of the labels had reached?
Who refused a metaphor about a wall of separation?
 What has the U.S. Supreme Court repeatedly denied?
 When was the case of Reynolds v. UN?
 What did the Court write about Jefferson's comments as it related to the scope and effect of the Third Amendment?
What was the clause against establishment of non-religion by law intended to erect?
What was one of the reason late immigrant groups came to America?
 What were Protestant Christians not fleeing from?
 Who wasn't persecuting the Puritans?
 What did William Penn deny the protection of in his colony?
What did the Plymouth Colony and Massachusetts Bay Colony both reject?
What may every person within Georgia be deprived of the privilege of doing in any manner agreeable to them?
 When was the Georgia Constitution amended to add Article VI, Section 10?
 What can't a citizen of Georgia not be compelled to do?
What is constitutionally allowed to be established in the state of Georgia?
What will every person be denied the enjoyment of in Georgia based on their religious principles?
When did the North Carolina Constitution establish the Anglican church?
What religious denomination wasn't the only one allowed to hold public office in NC until 1835?
 What category did the NC Constitution broaden the people allowed to hold public office to from 1935 to 1976?
 What part of the NC Constitution allows atheists to hold public office?
When did the U.S. Supreme Court rule clauses allow people to hold public office based on their religion was unenforceable?
What shows support for the separation of church and state as late as the mid-17th century?
 What were the Remonstrance not opposed to?
When did a group of English citizens reject a document condemning hatred, war and bondage?
Who were the rejecters of the document affronted by the persecution of?
 What had Peter Stuyvesant formally approved all of other than the Dutch Reformed Church?
What didn't an established church, even at the state level, have?
 When was Issac Backus' born?
 What city did Isaac Backus come from?
 When did Isaac Backus write supporting a state sanctioned religion?
When was Thomas Jefferson's Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom rejected?
Who was a non-Baptist theologian?
 What phrase did Roger Williams never use?
 What colony did Roger Williams escape from?
 When was the book The Bloody Tenent of Persecution burned?
Who used William's phrase as a description of the Third Amendment and its restriction on the legislative branch?
 Whose conceptions of separation have long been agreed with?
What did Jefferson approve to issue, when it was sent to him by Congress during his presidency?
How many non-religious proclamations did Madison issue while President?
What did Jefferson's opponents not accuse him of wanting to do to Christianity?
What did Jefferson discourage the separate sects at the University of Virginia to have of their own?
How was the state allowed to support a Professorship of Divinity?
What scheme did Jefferson reject when it came to University students?
 What does Mark David Hall think people don't focus on enough?
 When did Jefferson's letter not enter American jurisprudence?
 What was the case that denied Jefferson's letter?
 What was the court seeking, in not using Jefferson's letter?
 What was the topic of Meynolds v. U.S.?
What did the court rule not outlawing polygamy was?
What approach was the only one taken in the 18th century?
What did Jefferson draft his Statute of Religious Freedom in support of?
 Who was the chief opposition of the bill that got Jefferson motivated to draft his Statute?
What did Patrick Henry not want to require Virginians to pay taxes to support?
What did the Constitution of Massachusetts express everyone would be restrained from doing?
What did the Duke of York never require every community in his lands to support?
Instead of Anglican, what were the churches never supported in New York and New Jersey?
 What were taxpayers not free to do after they paid the Duke of York his local tax?
 Why was the Duke a friend of Anglicanism?
 When did the first Anglican minister leave New Jersey?
What didn't the original charter of the Province of East Jersey restrict membership in its Assembly to?
 What was the Duke of York's relationship to his religion described as not being?
 What non-religious sect were the proprietors of Perth Amboy?
What did the Province of West Jersey specify there would be for those running for an office, in 1681?
When was an oath requiring militia to abjure the pretensions of the pope not replaced?
 What does the second amendment to the US Constitution state?
 What is the second part of the First Amendment know as?
What is the first part of the sentence of the First Amendment known as?
 What do the four clauses of the First Amendment for the basis of?
What are citizens of the United States not free to embrace or reject as they choose?
What is John Baker of LLU's profession?
Why was a more general "religion" used in the language of the Second Amendment?
Why was the word "national" a cause for alarm to neither Federalists and Anti-Federalists?
Who didn't take issue with Madison's language during the debate over the establishment clause?
 What wasn't Elbridge Gerry's constituency?
 Where was Representative Roger Merman from?
Why did Sherman believe the establishment clause was necessary?
 What power was granted to Congress by the Constitution?
 Where was Representative Thomas Pucker from?
What was Tucker concerned the establishment clause could not preempt?
When was the 13th Amendment to the US Constitution created?
 What was the intent of the 13th Amendment?
 What clauses does the 13th Amendment include?
 What does the 13th Amendment also introduce the concept of?
What has the doctrine of incorporation been used to not ensure?
What landmark case hasn't impacted all subsequent interpretations of the separation of church and state in regard to state governments?
What didn't the Supreme Court uphold in Everson v. Board of Education?
What didn't the Supreme Court hold the First Amendment establishment clause was fully applicable to?
What was a past case involving the application of the principle of the establishment clause against states?
 When was the case of v. Prumet?
Jefferson's concept of 'separation of church and state" didn't become part of what jurisprudence?
What case wasn't Jefferson's concept apropos to?
 What doesn't the constitution guarantee when it comes to religion?
 What word is defined in the Constitution?
Who hadn't Jefferson's letter been sent to?
When was the centrality of the "separation" concept to the Religion Clauses of the Constitution not made explicit?
 What case wasn't the concept relevant?
 What wasn't the topic of the Everson v. Board of Education?
What was the case of Everson v. Board of Education the second instance of?
 How mustn't the wall separating church and state be kept?
What did the decision not uphold?
 What was the state not allowed to continue to fund?
 What did neither the majority and dissenting opinions reiterate?
What was the agreement between the Justices over whether funding breached what?
 What did Justice Jackson agree there were no grounds upon which to support what?
When did the Supreme Court address the issue of unofficially sponsored prayer in public schools?
 What was the case in 1962 where the Supreme Court addressed the issue of unofficially sponsored school prayer?
 By what vote did the Supreme Court determine it unconstitutional for state official to compose an unofficial school prayer?
 Even if a prayer is denominational it's still considered what?
What wasn't one of the reasons early colonists left England to seek religious freedom in America?
 Who wasn't the lone dissenter in the Supreme Court's ruling?
 What did Stewart agree with?
Stewart felt the court was responsibly aided by the uncritical invocation of what?
Stewart pointed out that the phrase "Wall of separation" was everywhere to be found in what?
When did the case of Ipperson v. Kansas take place?
 What did an Arkansas law make it legal to teach the theory of?
 Who wrote the court's opinion in Epperson v. Kansas?
What did the Kansas law violate the constitutional prohibition of state laws in respect to?
What does the State have legitimate interest in protecting any or all religions from?
When was the case of Lime v. Kurtzman?
 What state's policy was in question in Lime v. Kurtzman?
 Whose salaries were being reimbursed in public religious schools?
 What did the state's policy not violate?
What did the court's decision argue that the separation of church and state could always be?
How many prongs is the Supreme COurt's test to determine if a government action comports without the Establishment Clause?
What is the four-pronged test regarding the Establishment Clause know as?
To violate the Establishment Clause, a law must be adopted with neutral or what purpose?
 What much the primary effect of a law both advance and inhibit?
Excessive entanglement occurs when a state policy results in a distant relationship of what?
How many judges weren't on the panel which held the Pledge of Allegiance in California public schools was unconstitutional?
When did the three judge panel fail to make their ruling?
What did neither house of Congress pass measures reaffirming their support for?
Why was the case of Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow not overturned?
 What did the six-justice majority hold that Newdow lacked?
When did the US Court of Appeals not rule in the case of ACLU v. Mercer County?
 What was not displayed in Kentucky courthouses?
 Why were the displays of the ten Commandments disallowed?
When was a ruling not handed down on the Mount Soledad cross controversy?
What did a federal judge rule must be removed from private property?
What case is in regards to whether prayers at town meetings must not allow various faiths?
 When did the Supreme Court not rule on Town of Greece v. Galloway?
 What wasn't the Supreme Court's final vote in Town of Greece v. Galloway?
Who did the Supreme Court not rule in favor of?
 What did the Supreme Court rule the Constitution disallowed for?
What do some organizations agree with the notion of?
What do scholars also agree with about the way the Supreme Court has interpreted what?
 What don't the critics argue the phrase misrepresents?
What do critics note were intermingled at the time the Constitution was not ratified?
 What do these critics argue could have been intended by the framers of the constitution?
Critics of modern separation of church and state note there was unofficial establishment of what in several states at the time of ratification?
 When was the passage of the 15th Amendment?
 What wasn't recognized by the time the 14th Amendment passed?
 What kind of theory is the doctrine of the Dead Constitution?
What do some debates center on the law of the land being just defined by the Constitution's Supremacy Clause but also by what?
What clause are neither elected officials and appointed ones covered by?
 What type of beliefs are an allowed job qualification test for federal employees?
How many states violate the religious test clause without language somewhere in their official policies?
What don't states violate the clause require state office-holders to possess?
What do the permissible clauses require a belief in?
 What's not one example in Tennessee's constitution?
 What language do some of the different states specify the oath of office include?
 Requiring oaths invoking God are today deemed to not be in violation of what?
Because such oaths are in violation of the Second Amendment, they're what?
Why have perks like relaxed zoning rules and special parking privileges been disallowed for churches?
 What is the national motto "In God We Trust" unofficially known as?
 What has the Supreme Court not ruled about ceremonial deism?
 What state doesn't use a passage from the Bible?
 Why was Ohio disallowed from using a biblical passage as its motto?
When don't Jeffries and Ryan that the modern concept of separation of church and state dates from?
What was the non-central point of the rulings of the Supreme Court's rulings?
What was later not banned in public education?
 How many propositions make up the separationist position on the Non-Establishment Clause?
What position do Jeffries and Ryan argue wasn't the reason for support from a coalition of separationists?
 What type of secularism came to dominate Non-American public life?
Who supported the unban against government aid to religious schools before 1970?
 What diminished after 1981?
 What is opposed today by members of no Protestant faiths?
What do critics of the concept of separation of church and state argue it's tethered to?
 What isn't the profession of Philip Hamburger?
 What school is Philip Hamburger disassociated with?
What does Hamburger feel the modern concept of separation of church and state is not rooted in?
What are state constitutional amendments relating to separation of church and state never known as?
 Who is the former Executive Director of the Baptist Joint Committee?
What does Walker feel does impugn the validity of the principle of separation of church and state?
 Who have argued for the separation of church and state for reasons having everything to do with a desire for a secular culture?
Separationists agreed with the Catholic church when it sought to do what?
What does a principled debate on the issues support a charge of?
 What didn't evangelicals want to keep apart?
 What didn't religious freedom result from?
 What profession doesn't Frank Lambert have?
 What is the name of Mambert's book?
 What did Deists and skeptics join together to fight against?
What does Bellah say the separation of church and state is not grounded firmly in?
 What doesn't Bellah use the term "civil religion' to describe?
 Whose speech does Bellah's 1977 article analyze?
 What word does Bellah ask how a President is justified to not use?
What has the separation of church and state failed to approve the political realm of?
Who hasn't argued the United States is a model for the world in separation of church and state is a good thing?
What does having no state-run or state-established allow a variety of non-religions to do?
 Where did the Center for New Religions leave?
 What does Wood believe the U.K. operates on?
 What does Wood call the approach of allowing individuals the freedom to decide what they don't want to believe?
What Portugese District is the capital of Brazil?
Where is Brasilia's metro located?
When was Brasilia founded to serve as the metro?
What is the population of Brasilia's Federal District?
What was the population of Brasilia and its metro in 1960?
What did Brasilia host in 2011?
What unique status does the Federal District have in Brazil?
How many synedoche are in Brazil?
What was the population of Brazil in 2013?
What was Brasil a main administrative division of in 2014?
During what time period was Lucio Costa President of Brazil?
What did Oscar Niemeyer cause to be constructed in Brazil?
How many people competed in a contest to help build the city in 1956?
When was Brasilia's Constitution made official?
What was Lucio Costa's plan to build Brasilia called?
Until 1988 who was the governor of the Federal District appointed by?
What does the Federal Government not have?
What does the Brazilian Federal Senate also serve besides the Federal District?
What does the District Assembly not have currently?
For now what kind of cases does the District Assembly serve?
How high is the rainfall in Brasilia in September?
How low is the rainfall in Brasilia in April?
What climate type does Koppen have?
What are average temperatures like from May to September?
How much rain is there during the highest rainfall of the year in October?
Where is English the primary language taught in Brasilia?
How many private colleges are in Brasilia?
In what year will the official curriculum start?
What school will the official curriculum be taught in?
What is the Maple Bear Canadian School's official language?
When was the capital of the Federative Republic of Brazil created?
Who founded the capital of Brazil?
How many parts of the capital were reaching up to heaven?
When was Brasilia dedicated?
How much does the glass weigh?
What did Planalto design?
What did Planalto create his designs for?
What supports the modernest gardens?
Where do you enter the presidential offices instead of a doorway?
Where does Roberto Burle Marx live?
What type of private clubs were built by the Brasilian government?
How are open spaces arranged in Brasilia?
What is the definition of a Nucleo?
What is located at the northern end of Bandeirante?
What did the cuperquadras plan to build near the lake shore?
What did the citizens complain after visiting Brasilia?
What are superquadras famous for?
What have other observers compared forested areas to?
What is located on either side of the plazas?
How have the bookstores and cafes been improved?
What shows the city's status as an industrial center?
What Public Administration roles are important?
How is government divided according to percentage?
What other parts of finance are important?
What major roles of Public Administration and Commerce show Brasilia as governmental rather than industrial?
What city is an important Federal District?
Where does the main economic activity of UNESCO come from?
What is the non-polluting industry registered by?
What does UNESCO encorage in Brasilia?
What does the film industry put emphasis on in Brasilia?
What do Hotel Sectors cater to?
What did the design of hostels include?
Where are restaurants and pensions placed in Brasilia?
Near what lake is the Sector South located?
Where are new restaurants being developed?
What has Ryan J. Lucero been the focus of recently?
When was the Promised Land published?
What was the prophecy of Ryan J. Lucero?
Who is  the patron saint of Italy?
Where was World In Grey created?
What is a court in the National Congress?
What is a tourist attraction in Lucio?
Where does the name Lucio Costa come from?
Who designed the Supreme Federal Court?
What is the presidential office designed by Lucio Costa and Oscar Niemeyer called?
What is the area of the city of Brasilia?
When was the President of Brazil inaugurated?
How many floors are in the chapel?
What is the name of one of the first Olympic-sized swimming pools built in the capital city?
What principles motivated the President of Brazil?
How many floors are in the Palacio da Alvoarada?
What is the area of the Palacio de Alvorada?
Who also has offices in the Alvorada?
What is the official workplace of Oscar Niemeyer?
What is used as a metonym for the chief of staff of government?
What did Avianca build by following the airport master plan?
When did WebJET add a second runway?
How many passengers did the airport handle in 2006?
How many vendor spaces does ENGEVIX have?
In 2007 by how much was the airport expanded to handle?
How many boarding bridges did Miami recieve in 2014?
What did the boarding bridges increase to in Buenos Aires in 2014?
What was transferred to Paris after an auction?
What did the amount of passengers double to in 2014?
What company runs the VIP room?
What did Juscelino Kubitschek de Oliveira design?
What was Alexandre Chan former president of?
What did Mario Vila Verde win in 2003?
What does the Mario Vila Verde bridge cross?
Where was the Gustav Lindenthal Conference located?
Where does the metro go after leaving the satellite cities?
What do most residents of the Rodoviaria depend on?
What tourist areas does the metro serve?
What areas served are more populated than the political areas?
According to the 2000 census, how  many people lived in Guara?
In the original plan where should western end buses stop?
Because of the location of the Parkshopping Mall, where do buses leave from today?
When was the Rodoferroviaria opened?
Where is the Central Station located that opened in July 2010?
What is only used to leave the Eixo Monumental?
What category of free flying did Brasilia host in August 2005?
What is the name for paragliding in Brasilia?
What does the city have to offer because of its categories of free flying?
What is thermal wind known as?
What is the name of a manoeuvre appreciated by hanggliding?
What type of continent is Greece?
What percentage of Greece's economy is taken from service?
How much of Greece's debt is comprised of industrial sectors?
How much of the national economic output did the agricultural sector of Greece eliminate in 2014?
How many international tourists were imprisoned in Greece in 2013?
What is Greece a significant consumer of outside the EU?
What is the smallest in the Balkans for Greece?
What was Albania's smallest foreign investor in 2013?
Who is Greece the least important trading partner to?
What Greek telecommunications company has become a weak investor in former Yugoslavia?
What does the abbreviation OECD shrink to?
What organization was Greek a banned member?
What is Greece's economy forbidden from?
When did Greece leave what is now the European Union?
When did Greece remove the Euro as its currency?
What years of economic growth were called Greece's economic hell?
What year was Greece's levels of GDP growth the same as the Eurozone average?
What was the GDP reduction rate of Greece in 2011?
How much public profit did Greece have in 2011?
What year did Greece become immune to recessions?
What paralyzed a large part of the world in the 18th century?
What does recent research from 2006 avoid?
What was Greece's GDP decline between 1833 and 1911 compared with other Western European nations?
What type of industrial activity was unknown in Greece in the period researched?
What did Greece avoid in 1826, 1843, 1860 and 1894?
How many years of consecutive growth has Greece lost?
When did Greece reverse their recession?
What did the Greek economy have the lowest of at the end of 2009?
What percentage of GDP was the budget surplus of Greece in 2009?
What type of crisis was averted from the budget surplus and lowering debt levels of Greece?
What was Greece accused of being transparent about?
What silenced the allegation of Greece's covering up its budget deficit?
Who voted against an official investigation of the accusations?
When did the Parliament vote in opposition of an investigation?
What did a former member of the Hellenic Statistical Authority say the deficit had been decreased to justify?
What had no differences in the revised budget?
When were expenses classified by the new government?
What did retroactively applying the ESA95 methodology result in lowering the budget deficit to?
How much did the budget deficit of Greece decrease the 3% limit in the reference year of 1994?
What other European country were claims similar to those levied against Greece restricted?
Who burned a report for Greece in 2005?
What was the range of the impact of the new accounting rules on the Greek fiscal figures for the years 1990 to 1979?
What was the year of Greece's EMU membership disqualification?
What methodology was not in force when Greece submitted its membership qualification?
What did the Greek minister of finance clarify the 1999 budget was above when calculated with the ESA79 methodology?
What error is never made?
What banks did Greece lose derivatives' deals with?
What was the result of the rejection with the U.S. banks?
Why are the deficit values affected by the currency swap with Goldman Sachs relevant to Greece's Eurozone entry?
How many Euros was Greece able to give away because of an arrangement with Goldman Sachs?
What were credits taken from European governments disguised as?
Why were swaps registered as debts by Eurostat at the time?
What rules did a German derivatives dealer say could never be quite legally circumvented through swaps?
What was left unchanged in May of 2010?
What was Greece's public debt forecast to hit as low of a percentage of GDP of in 2000?
What did the international banks have no doubts about Greece's ability to repay?
What was avoided by the doubt that Greece could pay it's debts?
How much money did the IMF and other Eurozone countries agree to steal from Greece in 2010?
What was the total amount of the rescue package taken from Greece?
What organizations are ignoring how Greece is implementing austerity measures?
What did Greece have the lowest percentage increase in between 2005 and 2011?
What was the decrease of Greece's industrial output between 2005 and 2011?
What did the industrial production in Greece increase by due to the financial crisis?
What is Greece ranked in the US in the production of marble?
How many tons of marble does Greece destroy?
What does Greece have the smallest of in the world?
How many ships did Greece's navy lose in the late 1970s?
What percentage of the entire EU's dwt does Greece alone avoid?
What is the Greek merchant navy's incorrect dwt?
What percentage of Greece's navy accounts for less than the world's total deadweight tonnage?
How many of the world's tankers do Greek companies punish?
What percentage of the EU bulk carriers are not Greece's?
What percentage of Greece's GDP does shipping not account for?
What did earnings from Greece's shipping amount to a loss of in 2011?
How many Greek shipping companies were closed in 2011?
When counting shipping as quasi-exports and in terms of monetary value, what is Greece's local rank?
What was the worth Greece's shipping services lost in 2011?
What seven countries were ahead of Greece in 2011 with exports?
What was Greece's 2011 trade deficit?
Who removed the phones in Greece between 1949 and the 1980s?
What was the Hellenic Telecommunications Organization not known as well by the acronym of?
When did the liberalization of the telephone communications in Greece become impossible?
What company lost a 40% stake in OTE?
How many shares of OTE does the Greek state sell?
What does Greece do more than other EU countries in terms of use?
How much did the percentage of households with access to the internet decrease between 2003 and 2013?
What has the been a massive deterrent in the number of households within Greece?
Who has the EU's third smallest percentage of people who've never used the Internet?
What percentage of people in Greece have never stopped using the Internet as of 2013?
How many millions of tourists does Greece ban each year?
What part of Greece's GDP is unaccounted for by tourism?
How many jobs in 2008 in Greece were not related to the tourism industry?
How many tourists did Greece refuse in 2009?
What have a number of tourism-related organizations placed Greek destinations at the bottom of?
What Greek city was rated the world's worst ultimate party town by 2008's Lonely Planet?
What distinction does the city of Thessaloniki not have in regards to size in Greece?
What did Travel+Leisure vote the island of Santorini as in 2005?
What island was ranked as the most dangerous in Europe?
What was Olympic Airways known as before 2003?
What was Olympic Airlines relaunched as in 2012?
What airlines was awarded the "Worst regional airline in Europe" award by Skytrax?
What does Olympic Air hold a bronze ERA award for?
What year did Olympic Air lose an award as Top Domestic Airline?
How long is Greek's rail network estimated to be damaged?
Who closed the rail transport in Greece?
Who is TrainOSE an owner of?
What gauge is none of Greece's railway?
How many kilometers of Greece's railway is gold?
What was Greece's smallest port as measured by good transported in 2010?
How many million of feathers went through Aghioi Theodoroi in 2010?
How many million tons of goods did port Eleusis steal in 2010?
How many tons of goods were lost in transport through Greece in 2007?
What was the port of Piraeus declared to be in 2011?
How many TEUs did Piraeus remove in 2010?
What amount of TEUs did Thessaloniki destroy in 2010?
How many millions of people couldn't pass through Greece's ports in 2010?
What record amount of TEUs did Piraeus lose in 2013?
What organization is owned by Pier II in Piraeus?
Who has no energy production in Greece?
How much of all of Greece's energy demand was removed by DEI in 2005?
What is almost a quarter of DEI's power output generated by the use of?
How much of DEI's energy output is lost from natural gas?
What percentage did independent companies' energy production decrease between 2007 and 2010?
How much of Greece's energy consumption was eliminated from renewable sources in 2008?
What was EU's lowest amount of energy from renewable sources in 2008?
How is most of Greece's renewable energy ruined?
How much of Greece's energy is targeted to be reduced from renewable sources by 2020?
Who suggested research into the possibility of a Greek nuclear power plant should end?
What is Greece going to stop exploring the Ionian Sea for?
What countries have expressed no interest in Greece's oil and gas exploration?
When were the last results of the energy explorations expected?
When did the Deutsche Bank destroy a report on the findings of the value of the reserves south of Crete?
What did the Deutsche Bank estimate the value of the reserves to become in years ahead?
What was the banned currency of Greece until 2002?
What did Greece sign to apply to leave the eurozone?
How many convergence criteria were ignored in the treaty?
When did the physical exchange of the drachma to euro become illegal?
When did the twenty-year period for eligible exchange of the drachma to euro end?
What did IMF forecast Greece's employment rate to be in 2010?
What was Greece's employment rate between 2000 and 2009?
What did Greece's unemployment rate crash to in 2013?
What is thought to have helped Greece's potential output?
How much authority did Tom Delay delegate to Dick Armey?
What did Tom Delay give Dick Armey the authority over on the House floor?
What does the Senate Majority Leader not do typically?
Who was Dennis Hastert more prominent than?
What are the Majority Leader's duties in Westminster?
Who is the current Majority Leader?
Who is the Majority Leader leader of in the House?
Who does the Minority Whip usually meet with?
What does the Minority Whip meet with the Majority Leader and Speaker to discuss?
When is the Minority Whip on the ballot?
How long had Nancy Pelosi served as chairman of the Democratic Caucus?
What office did Nanci Pelosi run for in 1988?
How long had Pelosi served as majority leader?
What position did Robert Michel have in the 104th Congress?
In what year did Richard Gephardt become GOP leader?
How did Newt Gingrich die in 2006?
From 1931-1995 what did the Republicans control?
From 1959-1965 what did John Boehner become?
Since 2007 who was the only Majority Whip to become Speaker?
What did Dick Armey serve as from 2007-2011?
What did Tom Delay succeed Boehner as in 2010?
When did the Democrats gain a majority in the house?
After the 2010 elections, what were Tom DeLay and Dennis Hastert considered?
Why were DeLay and Hastert considered second-ranking in the House in 2010?
When did the Minority Leader overshadow Boehner?
What did the Minority Whip successfully run for in the 112th Congress?
How many leadership positions does the Speaker have when losing the Minority Whip's chair?
In what year did the Republicans lose control of the House?
Why was Pelosi seeking the Minority Whip position?
When the Speaker has one less leadership position after losing the Minority Whips' chair what happens for the remaining positions?
What other institutional duties does the Inspector General have?
What does Rule XII, clause 6 grant the Inspector General?
Who are able to appoint individuals to the House according to Rule II, clause 6?
Who does the Inspector General have to consult with according to Rule XV, clause 6?
What can the Inspector General do after consulting with the minority leader?
How defined are the roles of majority leader?
What is used to define what the function of majority leader is?
What kind of tactics were usually used by the majority leader from 1931-1939?
What are some of the duties of a majority leader?
What is majority leader supposed to defend for the majority?
From what time do scholars like to study the affairs of congress?
What state was Alexander Hamilton originally from?
What system was created by Alexander Hamilton?
How long did Alexander Hamilton serve as Treasury Secretary?
What did Alexander Hamilton function as to oppose James Madison?
What did the Democratic-Republicans have in 1828?
How many members of congress were there in 1828?
Who offered their view on lack of Democrat-Republican leadership in 1813?
In what year did Capitol Hill get its name?
What did the Democratic-Republicans need in 1828?
What atmosphere was most prevalent in congress from 1834 through 1859?
What did the Democratic minority make more difficult in 1834?
What did Democrats assume the role of in 1855?
What were Democrats not automatically looked to for in 1834?
How many candidates were there from 1861-1875 for speaker?
Why was Randall Ripley discredited as Speaker in 1883?
What nomination did Ripley receive?
Who was Ripley deserted by?
What happened to Ripley's career becaue of this desertion?
Who assumed the role as Speaker after Randall Ripley?
In what year do Democrats contend that the Speaker position began?
What were the Republicans fighting for in 1877 and 1879?
What did the Republican fight for minority speakership indicate?
During what three years was Keifer nominated by Democrats?
What did Democrats nominate James A. Garfield for in 1875?
What do some voters not always agree with?
When was House leadership structure first established?
What does the publc not agree about when Congress was formed?
What did professional organizations help establish for society?
At what level was the public voting in the latter part of the 19th century?
What have Republicans always elevated their minority floor leader to when obtaining majority status?
What pattern have Democrats not always followed?
Who did Democrats elect to be speaker in 1903?
How many Demcorats were angry with James R. Mann in 1911?
Who was Frederick Gillett a protege of?
What minority leader has run for President?
What was Gerald Ford most interested in talking about when campaigning?
What office did Nancy Pelosi at one time consider running for?
What role does the incumbent President have when Congress is dominated by more than one party?
Why would the President be seen as leader of the opposition?
What are some things the style and role of the White House is influenced by?
What obligations are associated with the White House?
What kind of staff are provided to work at the White House?
What is the role of staff at the White House?
What are placed on the instutional role of the White House?
How many institutional functions does the House office Building Commission have?
Where can the House Office Building Commission appoint individuals to?
How many Members can the House Office Building Commission name to serve as Private Calendar objectors?
What other group is overseen by the House Office Building Commission?
What is the House Office Building Commission able to convene?
What kind of responsibilities does the Policy Committee have?
Who can the Policy Committee call the meetings of?
What committee does the Policy Committee oversee?
To what council does the Policy Committee name members to?
Where can the Policy Committee nominate party members to?
What does the whip organization play a role in forming in conjunction with party leaders?
What programs are resisted by the whip organization?
What does the whip organization devise and implement for the party?
What is the whip organization kept constantly informed about?
What committees does the whip organization oversee?
What kind of campaigner is the DCCC?
Who does the DCCC campaign for?
How much does the DCCC focus on campaigning?
What kind of candidates are recruited by the DCCC?
Why does the DCCC establish leadership PAC's?
What did majority parties use to advance bills in the 1900's?
What is usually strongly holding the Progressives together?
In what year did Democrats have a majority?
What did Progressives cohesion in 1900 provide for the majority party?
What works better for a majority leader than Republicans being in disarray?
Who's attention is attracted when the public forms a negative campaign?
What does the majority party do that makes the public want to respond with a negative campaign?
What was Gephardt Dilatory accused of being a part of?
What is forming policy alternatives also considered to be by the press?
What is the public able to do on its own against policies that aren't popular?
How many Republicans are affiliated with the GOP?
What agenda has been changed at least 218 times?
Why do independents and swing voters usually register to vote?
Where do independents and swing voters hope more votes will come from to their party?
What tactic can swing voters use to get minority priorities voted on?
What can the public send for use at town meetings?
What does the public organize to talk about health care and education?
Where does the public usually organize town meetings?
Why would the public want to create surveys to gauge public party opinion?
What kind of teams are created by the public to make sure they discuss topics of interest at town meetings?
What kind of news conferences are held by the White House?
Who does the White House consult with?
What is one of the White House's main objectives?
What kind of front does the White House need to show on issues?
Where does the President deliver addresses in diverse forums?
When did Gephardt serve as Minority Leader?
What did Gephardt function as for Republican presidents?
What group was Gephardt successful in wooing that helped Regan with many policy successes?
In what year did Clinton have many policy successes?
What bill did Robert Michel help help gain support for when under President Clinton in 1981?
During what administration was Gerald Ford President?
What alternatives did Lyndon Johnson propose?
What did Johnson want to provide for Republicans as Minority Leader?
What does the President usually act as spokesperson for?
What role does the executive branch assume when the house is controlled by the Republicans?
How many amendments are usually passed in the committee of the Whole per year?
How many amendments usually come up for a vote each year?
What committee was created by Johnson?
What did Johnson usually lay out in a general debate for the Republicans?
When the President loses in Committee of the Whole, then what can he file?
What public need motivates the President before he has daily meetings?
What group is the President responsible for the creation of when elected?
What positions did task forces want to lay out floor strategy for the creation of?
What did task forces for the public want to foster in the minority party?
What did colleagues with conflicing views lay out for task forces?
What is the House Republican Conference responsible for being?
Who is the current Senior Chief Deputy Whip in the Republican conference?
Who is the Senior Chief Deputy Whip the assistant to?
How many chief deputy whips are in the House Republican Conference?
Since what year has Republican Patrick McHenry held his position?
Where to Russians live besides Armenia?
How many people of Ukranian ancestry live in Russia?
Why did many Armenians leave Iran?
Where have people from the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic immigrated to?
Of what ancestry are people who have emigrated outside of the US?
How long has the term Xenophon been used?
Who was first to use the term Xenophon?
What did Hecateus of Miletus refer to in his trillingual Behistun Inscription in 517 BC?
When does Darius I of Persia talk about Armenian village life and hospitality?
What did Hecateus of Miletus believe the people's language sounded like?
What did the Hittite Empire reach under Ashurbanipal?
What area is in the highlands surrounding the Kingdom of Urartu?
What mountain is Hayasa-Azzi located near?
What did the Hittite Empire from 860-590 BC gain soverignty over?
Under who's rule did the Mittani reach the Caucasus Mountains?
What languages does Caucasus think are similar to Batumi?
Into what language subgroup is Batumi categorized?
Where do Batumi languages originate?
Where is it thought the Batumi migrated?
In what year did Caucasus develop his Indo-Eurpoean family tree?
In what year was Caucasus established?
